someone starts making dolls and some joker or a leader .
in the bad situation due to mental illness patient starts having difficulty in working or daily routine , it is generally called nervous breakdown .
those asanas in which a greater pressure falls on the stomach , the patients of ulcer , bowel . . . hernia , liver and increase spleen should not do those asanas .
the great king of punjab ranjit singh built a grand memorial with the name of shri harmandir ji saheb at the birthplace of the tenth religious guru of the sikhs shri guru govind singh ji maharaj .
where is coenzyme q - 10 is found ?
initially these trains used to run from september to april .
there are very good bus services from most of the main cities like bikaner , jodhpur , ajmer and mount abu to udaipur .
when you feel cold your heart rate increases .
one should also look at the collar bone near both the shoulders to confirm whether there is any difference between them .
therefore everyday it gets late in running .
give heat of sun by red cellophane paper on chest and back for five - ten minutes .
this tiny country spread in a terrain of 36 square kilometer looks like a tobacco leaf from the sky which is very narrow from both the ends .
the main reason of blindness is cataract which is about 55 percent of all blindness .
there is also harm from cold stopping altogether .
because of chronic cough or asthma this disease is produced due to pressure on the heart .
the elaborate carved pillars obtained from the hindu temples of the initial colonies of qila rai pithora is radiant in the courtyard of a near by mosque .
then automatically the problem of leakage of urine arises .
it is that condition when glucose in blood is more than normal but person can not be called a diabetes patient yet .
48 kilometres away from delhi in sultanpur bird sanctuary along with gazing at migratory birds can take a breath full of peace while staying in heritage village in manesar equipped with all modern facilities .
after this process most women start working normally after two days and it is not necessary to take the uterus out .
near bhandardaara only maharashtra &apos; s highest kalsubai peak is there .
in the remote zones of the shimla district of himachal pradesh there is a popular business city like rampur bushahr .
if we sit down to count them then around fifteen hundred fairs and two thousand festivals will be there .
stairs go upstairs towards the temple from the water pond .
for stay in haridharpur apart from four family suits -lrb- with two rooms -rrb- 30 rooms are also available .
it is said , there were remains of the indraprastha of pandavas in the place of the old fort of delhi .
in folk music the performance of folk instruments like &apos; morchang &apos; . naad &apos; . saarangi &apos; . algoja &apos; . pungi &apos; . khadtaal &apos; and &apos; duff &apos; etc is worth seeing .
nothing has happened to the muscles , not even to the motor cortex .
they had come here at the start of the 20th century during the american reconstruction and settled here .
symptom . membrane is found on all four sides of heart which does the job of covering the heart .
umanand temple is a temple of lord shiva where there is always a crowd of devotees .
if you want to know your bmi , then it is not necessary that you go to a doctor .
all these vanish on their own after first few months .
physician should make use of such medicines that do not let the sinus abscess emerge .
hence role of bread in their breakfast and dinner becomes sort of important .
in patients of hereditary homosiderosis 450 ml blood is taken out every week so that there may be no excess of iron .
the ancient and artistic temples built here come to sight in several styles .
such clotted vomit is a special indication of &apos; ithusa &apos; .
at a distance of two kilometres from almora bright end corner is famous for the charming views of sunrise and sunset .
if the compressor becomes more than usually active then there can be an explosion in the engine .
apart from this are the idols of lord lakshmi narayan , bhagwati durga and baba shravan nathji .
if pain occurs in the knot of skin then be attentive and definitely get the cancer test done .
a piece of stone with the foot signs of guru padmasambhava is an invaluable remains of old rumtek .
this condition is appropriate for diseases like typhoid , cholera .
do not keep the juice in the fridge by extracting it excessively .
nights are cold but days are very pleasant .
do not let water collect near yourself .
for men condom is very cheap and is a simple option and it also saves them from many infections .
hardaul was the good son of vir singh ju dev who sacrificed his life to show his pious love towards his sister-in-law on the doubt being expressed by his elder brother jujhar singh .
over here on lunar eclipse , somvati new moon , falgu and baisakhi lakhs of devotees come to take bath .
this garden also has its own history and the best point is it introduces you to the nearby areas as well .
studying the path of this tube on television it is taken to the place of obstruction .
there is an attractive worth-seeing place situated in the valley of the mountains &apos; palitana - shatrunjaya &apos; 56 kilometres away from bhavnagar .
the addiction of intoxication is also the disease of mind .
this way encouragement can be given here to neat clean rest houses , restaurants and small inexpensive and popular local stores .
white spots start ending by consuming one pill of kurs bers medicine in the morning and one pill in the evening with water .
because of the occurrence of arunshika repeatedly there is damage to the hair of the head .
soup of green vegetables will keep anemia away from you .
rose parade and rose bowl football match are parts of it only .
next day we were given a farewell after being given a certificate from the tourism department of sikkim government .
today the zoo which does the breeding of the most species , especially of endangered and extinct species , that is considered that much successful .
on eating apple one should mouthwash but not drink water and fall asleep .
by eating contaminated and stale things and going to sleep while eating or not doing hard work vazul meda arises .
after standing for 1 to 1 . hours knees on an average continuously you give knees rest of 5-10 minutes .
several famous paintings and statues are kept in the venkatappa art gallery built within this museum of bangalore .
with this the the nerve stimulation reduces till the muscle , the muscle relaxes and the face looks fresh and young .
researchers can get much information from this garden of ooty .
the special benefit of this surgery is that the person can see clearly from the very next day and he can go to his work after a day .
after lifting up the back portion also lift up the upper portion of stomach , chest , neck and head .
for adventure game campaigns and forest area tours a secure environment can be made .
these royal tombs present the most wonderful scene of the city and somewhere or the other are inspired by the islamic architecture .
keep this in mind especially for oils like rosemary .
a 93 feet long tunnel parallel to puppet house runs till the chowk of vilaas temple .
at homes modern instruments are present for the help of women , then children keep sitting in front of tv , computer for hours .
there is not only the royal residence in grand palace but also several government offices are there .
it is also always effective by applying on cracking of hands feet , burning , cuts and bruises , etc .
reaching a height of thrumshingla at 12,300 feet the experience is like that of climbing the back of an elephant .
the need of caesarean operation for the delivery .
things from outside or cooking special things for the child is not required .
we had to go through moraine ahead wherein a beautiful pond was also there .
old trees , bushes and gigantic trees should not be cut .
as a result the patient starts walking after few hours of surgery .
therefore we say - if healthy teeth then healthy colon .
carrying guns etc . along is prohibited and it is necessary that you have a forest guard . protector and a guide with you .
instant relief will come by putting paste in the burnt organ .
the more the slope the more the possiblity for the avalance to start .
but the knowledgeable believe that the time from the start of october till the end of the last week of february is considered more appropriate for tour .
other than this because of occurrence of extreme strain on the spinal cord while straightening out the back there is danger of occurrence of paralysis in feet . to prevent such a situation nerves are also monitored side by side during operation .
at the shore of koromandal is puducherry which is 160 kms away in the south of chennai .
defect arises in bones .
after the publication of his this observation in &apos; nature &apos; sensationalism spread .
such a simple , lively and natural illustration of a dance festival in the form of a panel will probably be found elsewhere .
bring your shoulders near the ears and take them away .
tigers , panther , lions , black bears , european brown bears , indian cobras , king cobras etc enhance the beauty of this park .
this fact was known after the autopsy of those people , whose death took place due to other reasons and they did n &apos;t know before dying that they had cancer cells or the cells due to convert into cancer cells in future that are the pre cancerous cells .
lungs get oxygen in more amount by this .
slow , stopping sound .
the major reason behind this has been considered to be the lack of blood in the bodies of mothers and malnutrition .
fast gusts of wind are afloat through this tunnel which are helpful in the burning of fuel .
rooms are also air conditioned .
sleep is not just an activity for physical rest for removing physical fatigue but after having a good and deep sleep mind also gets lighter and fresh .
lake brienz has got this name from the brienz village which is located on the northern tip of the lake .
life-speed dysfunction and intensity are related to the pericardium as well as the digestive systems that digest food .
divya kayakalpa vati tablet - it is a foolproof medicine that removes all kinds of skin diseases purifying blood completely .
the root source of generation of bilirubin are red molecules of blood .
the reproductive and child health services available at health centres .
makes one realize about this thing that how important was ancient heritage for human society .
at first always those matters should be kept in mind which are the symptoms of dangerous situation .
pain reduces at that very time or in a little time .
there are special chemicals or neurotransmitters which do the work of messenger in this synapse . henry dale and otto loewi made an important discovery by finding acetylcholine .
there are several beautiful valleys around the four sides of kullu .
this medicine helps in mending the bones .
as soon as this crust separates new crust forms .
a tour of dalma wildlife sanctuary is abound with thrills .
if one wants then one can visit vaishali even by staying in private hotel or in hotel licchhavi vihar managed by bihar state tourism development corporation in hajipur .
in the swedish method the activities like massage , chafe , pressing tightly etc are included .
this knot can appear at any place like hand , leg , face etc .
people are also so simple and jolly .
one feels extreme burning sensation on anal opening .
for conjunctival cataract caused by rubella vaccination is required on time .
here the famous temple of lord jagannath , calm sea shore , religious places of followers of jainism , buddhism , shaiva and vaishnav and several handicrafts and arts all are worth visit and charming .
otherwise , foreign tourist are more interested in seeing orchards of cashew nuts , coconuts , mangoes , and aamsool .
we procure best cosmetics , best technique , better diet , excellent environment , lifestyle , environment , etc for our body but leave procuring for mind we do not even want to think anything .
kanglung has begun to feel like my second home .
in this foreign tourists come in great numbers for seeing pastures , wilderness , waterfalls , river , mountain and nature delivered lakes who stay for a long time in that country where they get very surprised and attracted to the unparalleled beauty places .
generally along with the progression of the day the increased temperature of the body makes the muscles more flexible and also improves the coordination between the hand and eyes , in case if you play tennis .
in the year 2006 jamaica earned 19 lakh american dollars from tourists .
this temple is 20 feet high and has been built by carving the white colored spotted granite rocks .
devika beach is five kilometres north from daman .
in amritsar there are all types of hotels present according to your pocket and desire .
there are many five star hotels and cottages in jaisalmer , where you can stay .
montago &apos; s 500 year old fort is the center of attraction for tourists .
despite this , the most important thing is that you should know what is your body demanding at what point of time and what is it trying to tell you .
the capital daulatabad of the mad emperor mohammad tughlaq is only 13 kms away from here .
there was a need for great caution on the road from shilasamudra to homkund .
more than 90 per cent diseases caused by stress or tension are complicated .
on not getting the treatment of arunshika done tiny worms are produced on the ripening of the pimples .
birukmarry art salon was on the second floor and sale center downstairs .
services are provided from the kadamb station in panaji by goa , maharashtra and karnataka state corporation .
therefore if you want to enjoy this journey take enough amount of food items along .
in this type of patient there is difficulty to completely empty the bag of urine and after urinating also some amount of urine remains in the bag .
in this fever because of this &apos; belladonna &apos; is used as the patent medicine .
roam oxford university , do a silent journey of thames and london bridge , spend evenings in the midst of the fragrance of the flowers in hyde park .
lemon makes blood vessel flexible which regulates blood pressure .
buy new shoes after noon because feet swell during the day .
the main among these cities are - carmen , bataan and sagbayan .
elk hills &apos; is situated at a distance of an hour &apos; s walk from ooty .
how to find out about the unsafe days around the fourteenth day ?
bharatpur city is two kilometres away from keoladev ghana national park .
after recovering once you do not have to keep on taking medicines and nor does it have any side effects .
in reality ultrasound are such sounds whose frequency is beyond our limits of hearing .
cina . : this medicine is also useful for itching occurring because of worms .
at first this fever had spread in mozambique and tanzania in 1952 .
the medicines taken through mouth digest with the food in gall bladder and intestines .
terrace garden is spread in 10 acres .
use ubtan for it .
rohtang journey is easy from july till september .
the ovum of the woman has only one kind of chromosomes -lrb- xx -rrb- .
khajjiar is called the switzerland of the himalayas .
therefore while taking food one should keep quiet by remembering lord rama and eat the food by chewing well .
vaginal tablet is a good method of birth control for women .
this place remains the center of attraction for tourists from the second week of december to february .
this sun-charged vaseline is prepared for applying , putting or massaging on outer organs of the body .
this deficiency affects the speed of moving about and sleeping of a person , because of which there is an impact on serotonin chemical present in the brain , which is the reason for mood change .
in this weather skin starts breaking soon because of lack of moisture .
along with the rest house the convenience of restaurant and bar is also joined .
uncountable types of bacteria and virus are spread in our atmosphere .
here information is given about such top ten places where you can enjoy winters .
first stage - loss of memory , delusion , reduction of judgement , loss of interest towards things or people , repeated forgetfulness , difficulties in daily life , irritation etc .
after losing in haldighati rana pratap accumulated his power here itself .
divya badam almond pak - consumption process .
if you are fond of shopping , then st . barth is a marvellous place for you definitely .
this district is known in world &apos; s most number of water bodies .
former head gynaecologist department of g . . pant hospital dr . neera agarwal says that this method is new for this place but it is being used in foreign countries for many years .
in order to achieve success in the treatment of the women sexual diseases , it is necessary that lady doctor , maid , nurse or any doctor should first of all check and test the genitals of the patient .
maximum children acquire control on urination by five years of age and urinate at the right place only .
all the people from more than 100 countries speaking 300 languages live amicably in america among which 10 percent are asian .
innumerous tourists from the world over come for tour to these places .
which along with being a shock absorber also reduces the friction of the bones .
if one has eaten more food then one can give stomach relief by drinking soda .
antibiotic elements are also found in onion and if a piece of onion is chewed for 3 minutes then mouth becomes bacteria free .
women have a greater possibility of having a second attack within a year .
it makes body strong and radiant removing all kinds of chronic , painful diseases , fat gain , diabetes and weakness arisen from it .
together both the dams used to stop the water of the lake spread in 250 square miles .
the main symptoms of hepatitis b .
for bhojpur private buses remain available from the bus stand .
after this the researchers have established that hydrochloric acid and pepsin are also responsible for the formation of ulcer .
several researches have been conducted about the intelligence of whales , their voice , their food , behavior etc .
anyway an important thing , after getting off at the hong kong international airport you should roam around for a while here .
our desire to see the tallest animal on earth giraffe had not been fulfilled yet .
baltoro glacier &apos; is situated in the southern slant of the central karakoram mountain ranges .
at one place after the rock was wet many figures started to emerge .
children are becoming victims of diseases like diabetes .
during the period of breast feeding the child also the mother &apos; s need of calcium and protein is almost double of the normal .
when you eat a little every 2 . hours and do not eat more than necessary then your stomach slowly starts contracting on its own .
vukrium-1 . : if there is itching in rectum because of worms of stomach then you should give this medicine .
if relief is not obtained from the above mentioned efforts then women can become problem free through surgery .
at present the cantonment of the indo-tibet police is at this place .
the fair authorities , commissioner and s . . . proceed towards the pantun bridge with flower garlands .
jodha bai mahal is two storey from inside .
yes after the conference a &apos; grand tour &apos; of kakadu area has been scheduled .
it gives cure in 75-90 % cases .
by this there is chance of the occurrence of skin disease , food poisoning , acne - blisters , toxic shock syndrome and other diseases .
the mattancherry palace which is known by the name of dutch palace .
blood pressure becomes lesser than normal .
the name of alamgir door is by the name of aurangzeb .
63 % of the total milk material of the country is found from gujarat only .
chhatrapati shivaji was born in the fort of shivneri .
in that camps are set up inside the jungle itself .
you will be surprised to know that in most of the houses of shinganapur there are no windows , doors and lockers .
one should bathe with slightly lukewarm water in this season .
surinsar lake is 42 kilometres away from jammu .
reach bhopal through air or rail ways from any corner of the country .
take this mixture at night or morning and evening at both times , astonishing benefits will be seen .
women often try to control urine for long time .
this way carrot works as panacea for many people .
one gets moksha with a visit to the saptapuris !
beautiful orchids are also in it .
konasana is specially beneficial in back , ribs pain and the weakness of the lungs etc .
several items reminiscent of jijamata and her fater lakhuji jadhav are kept here .
in case of painful eyes , put one - two drops in the eyes after sieving through clean thin cloth .
after having a coffee in the day do not take more coffee , because it affects the sleep and induces tiredness .
since naltrekson is intoxication preventive in the purest form therefore till the time it is there in the body no type of excitement would be felt by him on doing any type of intoxication .
pounding fruit of pomegranate with skin on squeeze out its juice .
in the 17th century king vir singh ju dev had built the jehangir palace as a memorial of the visit of great king jehangir to orchha .
maharaja khanderao constructed the makadpura palace for his living between 1856 - 1870 .
in order to examine the stomach when i touched his stomach , he began screaming , the pain was unbearable .
dr . yadav and porter carried me till the camp bearing difficulties .
like every year this year also &apos; elephant festival &apos; is being organized on the occasion of holi by the tourism department .
the road otherwise was of 12 kilometers only but due to the road being narrow to reach binsar it had taken us approximately three quarter of an hour .
it is said that when buddha used to be in rajgrih then he liked to stay at this place a lot .
the continuation of houses with orchards of apples and roofs of wood is found till jasta village .
therefore on occurrence of any defect in the neck there is effect on all these body parts as well .
his birth on 2 november 1866 took place in a poor farmer family in a small village of kwangtung province in china .
this statue of buddha is 3 metres tall .
this water coming out from gomukh is very sacred .
the nearest airport here is chennai .
during changing his clothes , during feeding , while administering medicine , while giving bath , while waking him up or making him lie wash your hands with soap properly .
those children who become scared more than usual when separated from there mother even for short while , become victim of phobia later on .
but the direction gets decided at every synapse , because the chemical messenger which can cross the valley is present at the end of axon and not in the body of the next cell .
those people who want to make the life-force strong they should concentrate on the root chakra .
shushlui umfalozi park is a favorite place for tourists , which is situated 240 km far from durban .
the distance of 300 kilometres and a two and a half journey by car , half distance parallel to geneva lake and half along with rhone . rhone river coming from meets with geneva lake which is known as lec lemon in french near montreus named city .
mercsol-6 is the specialist homeopathic medicine for old vaginal inflammation , which is also beneficial in new vaginal inflammation .
other famous historical places are .
surajtal lake freezes in winters .
people with diabetes should take full care of their diet and control the amount of sugar in the blood .
many small and big ships run in the twinkling water of the lakes .
the movement of ribs in small children is normal thing .
the pain of migraine is so intense that endurance becomes difficult .
to apply this physician calls the desiring women immediately after menstruation only when there has been no relationship of woman - man and there has been no conception .
but along with this serum makes our hair dirty by making it sticky .
there is no risk in descending in soft snow .
jagannathpur was established in 1691 a . . by thakur eni shah .
finally the microbes die and the patient become alright .
consider your co-passengers like yourself only .
there is a difference in its shape - type .
in delhi the grand jama masjid is situated right in front of the fort .
hiv contraction can also be lessened with safety from sexually generated diseases .
those p -lrb- eople who can not buy milk and apples they should eat carrots .
during these days various changes are also attached to heart .
this disease occurs from getting a wound too .
the youth must not remain in this that only aging people can get heart attacks .
this place is known for catching trout fish .
apart from this payment of still photo camera and video camera fees also has to be done .
decorated lawn , flower beds and fountains manifested in a majestic manner make sir dorabji tata park extremely beautiful and colorful .
the food should always be syrupy and with fat .
being almost not involved in physical activities , giving attention to hours of virtual gaming , electronic games , video games and watching tv etc increases the calories which is the main reason for weight increase .
the mountainous flight of one hour provides the unique joy of the panorama of himalayas and of everest from close without climbing it and ariel view of other mountains of eight thousand meter .
as if a standstill came in the surface of the sea , that is , the situation of low tide was created .
as opposed to this people do not even like to sit beside sulky and sad person no matter how big आसामी he is whereas फक ् कड़ fun ordinary people also make place in hearts of thousands of people .
hence keep doing something or the other .
those with weak digestion should not consume this .
5 institutions of hinayan religion are also there wherein 1000 buddhist monks stay .
on getting healed psoriasis definitely recurs in at least 80 percent patient .
climbers meet with accidents also by entangling with crampons .
in this entire process glow comes on the face .
stool comes out with flatus also .
walking on foot is almost not present .
its full name is &apos; isculus hipacastenum &apos; .
disease of tongue - intake of improper diet because of the problem in the stomach .
it works to remove the cough from the lungs of the child .
the complain of heart burn can occur due to lying down .
it is by opening this third eye lord shankar had produced the agni tejas and with that the disturbing kamdeva was burnt into ashes .
actually in both these places the nerves beneath the flesh is less .
by eating and drinking coarse and condensed things when there is production of much cough in body then cough also starts accumulating in intestines .
it is necessary to test glucose amount in blood from time to time .
among these products like shazema , shalife , shasilk , shaleshm , shabright , shaclean , shamlo , shataj , etc are quite popular .
rajasthan has a second place with the point of view of size in india .
treatment takes time , hence have patience .
if there is some kind of problem then one can dispose of it .
the birth and development of the arya samaj had happened at the place of kurukshetra .
important among the ancient items displayed in the tea museum of munnar are : the chain of development of tea farming in munnar , ancient instruments which were used for transforming the dense forests into tea garden .
the height of sarahan is more than 9000 feet .
on rejection ashok attacked kalinga with a huge army , in which he was victorious .
the new born should be wiped with soft cloth after birth and it must be given bath only after one week .
both of these prevent nutritional anemia .
only their foundation stones are visible .
completing the tour here they go through the roadways to see the views of araku , which is 30 kms away from here .
in the this park spread in 213 acres there are a total of a thousand trees and plants of 1400 species .
paralysis may be controlled by yoga .
there are some mudras which are helpful in regeneration of pranas and kundalini - awakening .
change of tissues of mouth can be the initial stage of cancer .
the bank of satluj in ramour bushahr is very charming and peaceful , only in the days of monsoon its form becomes extremely macabre and destructive .
in homeopathic medicines also beans is of high usefulness .
for women this quantity is 12 - 15 gm per 100 millilitre .
at times there is relief by putting beladona plaster or anti flojistine on the suffering organ .
historians believe that the reigns of chedi dyansty , kalvuri and bhonsle rulers have also been here .
one should not allow any kind of shock to reach wall of intestine .
on reaching 40 miles south - east of this place there is manikyaala buddhist stupa where buddha guised as mahatsav kumar gave his body to eat to a hungry cheetah .
in the serious condition of disease the grave symptoms may become visible early .
wherever you see you will find world community i . . people from all over the world .
doctor does the surgery while talking to patient .
by savasana body , mind , brain and soul gets complete rest , energy , enthusiasm and happiness .
jammu city settled on the bank of river tavi is connected to the entire country through air ways , railways and roadways .
3 kms away from the &apos; palakkad &apos; -lrb- pal ghat -rrb- city of kerala the kalapatthi rathotsavam celebrated in the vishwanath swami temple is considered an important festival among the chief temple festivals of the state .
the climate of city forest national park is himalayan lukewarm .
upon asking we find that it is araku station halt .
besides this celebrating picnic on the pavagarh hilly place 46 kilometres away from vadodara has its own fun .
medicines for injury in anus are as follows .
one should do three rinse in the beginning of meal by remembering om or reciting mantras like gayatri mantra .
the higher the height of the mountains the more the snow there .
you should never use it internally .
how to reach dakshineshwar kali mandir ?
teeth do not decay by the daily use of little bit of salt in mustard oil .
in the year 1016 the ruler of afghanistan mahmood ghaznavi by attacking kangra had robbed diamonds and jewels worth arabs of rupees inside the temple .
putting the fingers of both the hands into each other keep it on front of both the legs .
biking and water sports both are specialities of goa .
in last stage of patient suffering with liver disease esitinse disease has been seen .
oudshoorn &apos; is called the capital of ostriches in the world .
from vilaas temple you can observe the famous maavte of amber and a bird &apos; s eye view of delhi jaipur national highway .
he had come in the area of grand canyon for travel .
city of dreams is goa ... beach surrounded by coconut trees , wishful silence and sounds of the waves of the sea ... in such a situation one wants just to settle there .. .
many players who have tried their hands at skiing here have displayed supreme performance at international level in glacial sports .
in the historical section of the museum the social developmental stream of east asia -lrb- taiwan , korea , japan -rrb- , south east asia -lrb- myanmar , vietnam , cambodia , laos , malaya , sumatra , java and philippines -rrb- , and middle asia have been exhibited .
in muscular atrophy disease vitamin . complex , bicadex , male vigor theragram capsule etc energy rich medicines also are beneficial .
shops of kullu shawl , hats and other clothes are found decorated everywhere on the bus route in kullu valley .
a lot of agricultural land has been developed in goa on the lines of eco - tourism .
this place is considered to be the nirvana place of gautam gandharva the first follower of lord mahavir .
our brain of around 1 . to 1 . kilogram weight seems to be made of soft matter of brown color .
before sleeping in the night taking one of the following medicines is also beneficial .
these negative waves sometimes pervade the environment around us .
for reducing weight do not compromise with your health .
ashvini mudra makes the stomach region healthy by removing gastric , constipation , piles and urinal diseases .
regular exercise is also a brilliant source of increasing energy level .
but today the educated and civilized man has kept himself deprived of the health - giving power of the nature in the hope of one &apos; s own consumerism .
major visiting places of mizoram are - bora bazar , tamdil lake .
only in the season of monsoons there remains a danger of flood or snake biting .
do not allow thought like lack of preparation for examination or like failing .
we did n &apos;t take dinner and at around 10 at night we left for our hotel .
in some children the symptoms of allergy start reducing on increase in age and they become healthy by the age of 4-5 years .
it is very virtuous for heart , mind , backache and weakness of the eyes .
which is called bacillus tuberculosis .
this very remaining energy increases obesity accumulating in the fatty places of body .
from baadling after sitting in cable car one has to get down at cable station .
out of which diwan-e-aam was the hall for the court of the people .
besides circulating blood in the heart , it also controls heart and pulse beats .
heavy rains increased our problems .
generally , in girls , pap starts occurring after the age of 15 years .
rajgadh was the first fort constructed by him .
there are interesting rail travels . the palace on wheels &apos; . the royal orient &apos; and &apos; the fairy queen &apos; are the entertaining trains running from delhi .
indraprastha park on ring road built near sarai kale khan bus stand is a special picnic spot for delhiites .
in reality tarundhaan valley is a natural heaven where natural original orchards and blossoms of specific fruits remain all over .
hairs remain healthy by applying the paste prepared by soaking the powder of myrobalan in the water in an iron pan on the hairs .
for places with warm climate keep cotton , linen and loose fitting clothes .
the nearest airport from saint angelo - karipur international airport , is 93 k . . away .
italy &apos; s capital rome , is a dignified city of ancient europe and is famous for all its things .
in the sanctorum of the temple there is a beautiful temple of lord narayan .
for those reducing weight watermelon is a good diet .
if there is an opportunity to laugh then you should laugh whole heartedly .
a little while before thekdi village worldly circumstances restricted us on the way .
swimming pool , park for the children , toy train etc . in it are the attraction .
the disease rheumatoid arthritis is affecting people in the age of 25 to 35 years .
in the present times all the family welfare services continuing from before were kept implemented .
there is benefit in the strength by giving sun-warmed green water along with sun-wamed white water to the weak person .
if you leave it packed then keeping it away from light it can be kept safe for a year .
in the bhimshankar temple built with black stone is a panchmukhi mahadeo .
other attractions of madayipara are the shaivite temple , the pond of the temple spread over an acre and madayi kavu -lrb- the sacred place in the dense forests -rrb- .
these diseases are beneficial in this disease - potash iodide -lrb- 5 to 7 grains -rrb- , potash bromide -lrb- 15 - 20 grains -rrb- , quinine sulph -lrb- 7 to 15 grains -rrb- , aspirin -lrb- 5 grains -rrb- , soda salicylias -lrb- 5 to 10 grains -rrb- , hyoscine hydro bromide -lrb- especially useful -rrb- , arsenic , luminal , benadryl and formic acid .
there are two natural caves in the gupta godavari where water keeps on flowing continuously .
in the juice of papaya the substance named papeine is found which proves to be extremely helpful in the digetion of food .
a little distance from the clock tower , there is the picture gallery which has the oil paintings of the nawabs of awadh .
divya dhara - from 5 to 10 drops of essence of fennel , etc give in 15 minutes in cholera .
so that you sleep peacefully at night take care of your feet in the following manner .
compounding then through tea - leaves the protein named psychotin was put in them .
with the point of view of education there are good universities in haryana , such as maharshi dayanand university , rohtak and kurukshetra university .
one will get benefitted in acidity , constipation , dysentery and the swelling of intestines by the regular consumption of papaya mixed with rock salt , cumin seed and lemon juice .
it height from sea level is 6861 meter which means 22510 foot .
though till now around 9000 antioxidants have been detected .
cities like sydney included in the top ten since last ten years are defeated this time .
if mother diets then copying her daughter may also get included in such activities .
in the same state , near jammu , the famous temple of vaishno devi is located where lacs of devotees go every year for darshanas .
slowly increase the pressure afterwards take the rest of 10-15 minutes .
the natural environment is so good that games like skating and heliskiing are also being encouraged .
if priests become involved in it then definitely there will be an increase in their income .
wild boars can be seen here grazing fearlessly .
extreme mood fluctuation and fits of hysteria and depression occur intermittently .
from kohima , tourists do not forget to buy the hand made shawls by the women .
according to tour operators like cox and king the buildings of historical and archaeological importance introduce them to our rich history .
moving through the beautiful roads amidst the palm trees along the sea we reached the wonderful land of resorts world sentosa built in a big land mass -lrb- almost 124 acres -rrb- of the same sentosa island .
radiance of the face increases by bakasana .
allopathy medicine considers cough sual a symptom produced because of disorder of bronchitis as cough is produced ordinarily during other diseases .
by wearing clothes in many folds the air that is between the folds keeps the air outside outside and the air inside inside .
amidst unique flocks of cedars and dense jungles this place gives a new experience to the tourists .
raja ram temple is such a unique temple of the country where ram is worshipped like a king .
he became very happy with my generosity and he picked up my things on his back , and holding my hand began walking forward .
due to this for long , it has remained the trade center of the agricultural regions .
apart from shopping you can also know your future , see tricks of acrobats , performance of players , and hear music .
parvati temple is a small temple in which there are mainly a sanctorum and a canopy .
on 8th november the palanquin reached mukhwa , its winter seat .
pain occurring due to hernia is very intense .
it is said about mankaamna devi that she fulfil all desires of the one who asks for them .
during this entire process these strips by putting pressure on thighs and hips increase the diastolic coronary perfusion pressure because of which reduction comes in the pressure exerted on the heart .
if you walk on the small pathway on the right side of the kallar bridge then you will reach meenmutty .
dense population settled on both the sides of the thin meandering river is spread till above on the light slopes .
kings of native estates wanted to go ahead of provincial governments in the establishment of zoos .
the trip to venice will be considered half done without seeing murano island .
consume pure fresh vegetarian food and water .
there is also religious significance of someshwar beach near of ullal .
it is said that like mathura , ujjain , hardwar , dwarka , varanasi , ayodhya the living being breathing their last in kanchipuram also , never fall again in the cycle of birth and death .
for patients of high blood pressure also eating apple is beneficial .
its presence in blood particles is in 4x potency but at this potency it is used very rarely .
ruins of navlakh kothar are also that side .
people start staying hungry for weight loss and its effect shows clearly on their health .
the distance of shinganapur from aurangabad is 68 km .
its smell is full of freshness , sweet and like lemon .
situated at a height of 1220 metres above the sea level kullu city is the headquarters of the district .
ancient relics are existent in the &apos; karsa &apos; village situated on the mountain in front of padam .
in case of deficiency of thyroxin , along with obesity and goitre , the absorption of iron could not take place sufficently .
during winters there is abundance of seasonal fruits - flowers and green leafy vegetables after consuming which he can obtain health again .
include a full meal in your life from fruits and vegetables .
pray in this box that please protect me and make my aura completely strong such that none of the human negative wave could breach it .
you can also feed spinach , zucchini , kulfa and bottle gourd to patient of biliary fever .
complete it .
the disease in which jingling sound is heard in the ears , that is called ` tinetus &apos; .
there are other facilities of food and accommodation also here .
another remarkable side of mysore zoo is to impart conservation related teaching .
to reach here you can come from kottayam in west direction at a distance of 115 - 120 kms .
avalanche is that big lump of snow which shakes from it place for any reason and starts slipping down on the slope of the mountain .
the third phase suitable for reproduction -lrb- 14 to 28 -rrb- .
in 1973 ad this park was established for the asiatic wild ass and to protect the fragile environment .
sita waterfall falls from a height of 280 feet , which is a center of attraction for tourists .
tonsil - there are knots in the inner side of the palate on both the sides .
the distance of govind wildlife sanctuary by motorway from dehradoon through mussoorie is 180 kilometres and 200 kilometres through vikas nagar .
this way you will not get bored .
the area of neora valley national park is 88 square kilometres .
to reach the internal areas of the jungle the forest department has arranged for jeep but the delight of jungle safari is the elephant ride .
worms of intestines , urine being more acidic , constriction of skin of glans penis or glans -lrb- phimosis -rrb- , etc are its main causes .
it is possible to stay overnight at neel but we had to return after noon .
chaunsath yogini temple is the only temple in khajuraho that is built with granite stones .
one way of getting energy is this too to take hot steam for ten minutes and then after that sit in the tub filling it with cold water .
meaning speed of inhalation exhalation increases .
some foreign tourists find spiritual peace by staying in the ashrams of rishikesh .
take protein in excess quantity .
2 portions of 3 drops each of sabin vaccine is given empty stomach after mixing in khand with water or milk .
stool also comes out yellow like color of sand .
by taking urad , pure kaunch and root of erand in equal proportion boil it in sixteen times of water .
it has protein , vitamins and minerals which is beneficial for health .
highest walnut production happens in america .
beautiful carving has been done on these pillars .
animal fat is saturated fat , which means that it becomes solid from liquid at room temperature . it increases the fat cells of our body which leads to increase in the weight .
the engraving of the main gate is extremely attractive .
this medicine is mainly used for rheumatoid arthritis , eczema , blockage in urination and pain of joints .
similar glands situated towards the upper portion of throat in the way of wind pipe are called adenoids or pharyngeal tonsils .
blood pumped from left chamber of the heart circulates in the arteries spread throughout the body and it is the very pressure exerted on the walls of the arteries by blood circulation which is called blood pressure .
if it is required to bath immediately after the sun bath then bath with a little lukewarm water .
in blood iron stays joined with transferrin protein .
cause , moderation and treatment of lungs and respiratory tract diseases - asthma .
sooner or later all people from any age group , sex and the elderly suffer from fever .
the center of power of the gupta and shunga dynasty also has been patliputra .
because of this complaint of stoppage of urine also occurs and relief is felt only when rubber tube is applied to take out urine .
the month of june , 1999 in uttar pradesh was celebrated as the month of malaria mass awareness .
why does the disease of alzheimer &apos; s occur , its absolutely correct cause has not yet been known .
at 38 k . . south of sasaram the hill of rohtas is situated on the western bank of son river .
this is why the british thought of bringing inexpensive labourers from india .
after spending 1 hour at the station we reached to the bus stand again and by that time it had become quite bright .
chief minister pawan chamling have made this announcement at various occasions that such industries will not be given permission to establish with which even a little damage is done to environment .
to go from taormina to syracuse we had to change bus at ` catania &apos; the headquarters of ` mafia &apos; .
the wonderful iron pillar situated in the middle of the courtyard was a flagpole in any vishnu temple -lrb- 4th-5th century a . . -rrb- .
khabai rambai bazar is the only such market of india where all the work is done by women .
mappila bay harbour is a boon of nature .
getting infected gas moves around fast in stomach .
there are two trips of indian maharaja - one from delhi to mumbai and the second from mumbai to delhi .
friends , for achieving success it is very essential to wake early morning .
the vrindavan garden located at a distance of 19 kilometres from mysore is world famous .
similarly you should drink sun charged orange water up to the amount of forty to eighty grams thrice ten minutes after meal .
on both the ends of the garden are umbrellas that enhance beauty of the fort .
the body gets cleansed by fasting .
the special point to see here is how human is successful in training wild animals .
abstain from such ignorant doctors , these methods may not necessarily be wrong , in the treatment of psychological disorders these techniques have chiefly proved to be unsuccessful .
in the second stage 75 percent and 50 percent in the third stage .
one should not have excessively tangy , spicy , fatty , too sweet , etc food .
apart from this some other hotels are available for staying nearby .
initially there are mild discomforts like nausea .
at that time one should immediately stop water from entering inside .
what is the secret behind this chaotic system , even no one knows this nicely .
the royal women &apos; s eating house : in this eating house of 17th century an attempt has been made to display the contemporary lifestyle .
restaurants and hotels of the hpdc are there in conifers .
as a result of study they found that this ordinary vanaspati has a very remarkable effect .
as a result of which the diseases of stomach appear .
a beautiful landmass located between the western side of the arabian sea and the sahyadri mountain ranges is known by the name of kerala .
since there are antioxidant properties in the coconut oil , therefore it protects the skin from the loss of free radicals .
the people as well as the cars below look like ants from here .
in order to stay at vikramshila , private hotels and inns are available in bhagalpur at a distance of about 60 k . .
chittor established by king bhim or chitrangada of the maurya dynasty is a very ancient city .
but there was no significant change .
where many heritage of the raajshahi period are found to be seen .
that is if you are in the pool you will never know when the pool ended and where the sea started .
the strength to fight against disease is obtained from food .
marjarasana makes the lungs strong .
do not give cough syrup to the children who are less than one year of age as well .
flaiten johannesburg goes through dubai and doha .
there should be an interval of at least 1 hour between a meal and consumption of water .
many south - eastern asian countries which follow buddhism havr established their own buddhist temples in bodhgaya according to their own architecture .
from narkanda to banjar -lrb- kullu -rrb- via jalori and bashalio pass and from sarahan to sangla .
you should not use cinnamon bark , ... .. . and clove oils on face .
crossing the places like mundakkayam , kuttikkanam , peerumedu etc . we go to gavi through vandiperiyar .
if the boy temperature of the child again increases , then sponging can be repeated .
in such a situation one has to frequently face difficulty .
after bathing take a few drops of coconut oil and apply it over the whole body .
this body is supported on these three bases itself .
baraila lake is known as saleem ali jubba sahani bird sanctuary .
police appear to be ready for the security of this place they also ignore the activities of these youths .
in the newspaper news about the still prevailing bias and suppression were published .
garba the famous folk dance of gujarat and raas continue throughout night .
in the second storey of cave no . in ajanta there are small temples and a statue of lord buddha in the dharma - chakra posture .
the statue of hindu goddess shri ekvira is installed in the temple built on the karla cave .
here such substances are being named which should be taken in daily breakfast .
the road to sri nagar opens when the snow melts away with the sun of june .
it is anyway more effective to get unwanted hairs removed by laser treatment , alongside there is no side effect by this also .
these sticks are called dandiya .
many times this beings us near to people who understand the inapproachability of this difficult campaign .
chitragupta temple is near the jagdamba temple .
in order to open and widen the closed or narrow mouth of the uterus different shapes and kinds of dilators are brought into practice .
he has written in his autobiography that after royal ordination the first order he gave was this that the chain of justice should be put up , with which if the people involved in the administration of law cause delay or evil then the victim coming here can shake this chain for getting justice so that my attention garnered by its sound .
bhoja had started a school to give expertise in architecture for the training of the architects .
kalajar , malaria or high fiver may have happened .
in the ear because of the skin being towards the inside it remains devoid of the sunrays .
diagnosis is done by testing the bacteria of tuberculosis in the phlegm , x-ray is also used if necessary .
mukurthi national park is spread in an area of 78 square kilometres in the nilgiri district .
in the east of this state lies tibet and khutan in the north .
not feeling sleepy or being able to sleep late or waking up early and again not being able to sleep is called insomnia .
temple built in the peak style is located on a high platform .
role of morning walk . during the early morning stroll there is excessive oxygen in fresh air .
from kashmir to kanyakumari , wherever the eyes go , beauty is visible .
it is an excellent and extraordinary chemical which is strength inducing giving strength to heart , that which .
unesco in 1977 had proposed solang rivulet as possible unesco biosphere reserve .
most of the children are born with innate physical defects like organ-fractures or limb disorder .
national rail museum this is a beautiful outdoor museum .
the middle part of philadelphia city is spread in the west from the schuylkill river to the delaware river in the east on the other side .
in treta dashrath could not coronate his son , this wish of his also got fulfilled in kaliyug .
its aroma is intoxicating , sharp and like the smell of lemon , calamine and camphor .
it remains open for the tourists from 9 in the morning to 5 . 30 in the evening .
myomectomy operation can be carried out through hysteroscopy or laparoscopy or laprotomy -lrb- opening the abdomen -rrb- .
the arrangement of the education of children etc also does happen .
if you want to enjoy the taste of indian food then you can go to akbar restaurant or jewel of india .
now switzerland tourism has made arrangements to give special facilities even in low budget .
if you are between 20 to 30 years of age and are working in a stressful environment and are also a fancier of eating snacks then beware that it is possible that your heart is quietly bearing the sting of all these .
on there being a continual necessity of giving blood you need to give these injections for 3 . days slowly for 10 - 12 days .
clean your teeth properly .
by going on drinking prepared water of green bottle sun charged by the medium of sun rays and color therapy three or four times a day up to hundred to two hundred grams pus stops coming in urine of patient .
in monsoons , animals and birds can be seen in hundreds of numbers in dzukon valley .
the equipment that makes it possible is only for a thousand rupees .
the bed of the patient of alzheimer &apos; s should be comfortable , good sleep can come to him .
a lot of herbal cultivation has been done here .
the unparalleled rarity of nature saranda .
the chutney also of tomato or tamarind is better than coconut .
chicken pox is the most contagious a few days before the papules erupt and before the scab spreads over the wounds i . . till it dries up which often happens a week after the spots have started .
coral rocks got made on these shores lakhs of years before .
in the jungles near to the park and in dhauj , haryana evidence letters -lrb- one day and four days -rrb- courses are run .
above all this the 6 thousand 940 metre high snow peak of the kedarnath is seen in such a way as if it were a window of the gods living in the heaven for peeping into the mortal world .
like bleeding during pregnancy or delivery .
the importance of bodhgaya .
ultrasonography gives clue to all these problems .
after all why does it happen that in similar situations some people fall sick while some other people continue to be healthy .
one attraction of science is even this that all of us can participate in its birth .
when the family is completely planned , then through surgery also women may get rid of pregnancy forever .
in skin diseases and itching , eczema , ringworm , pimples and acne etc one guava should be eaten regularly in the afternoon time .
sometimes tourists coming from all over the world double the population .
this work is being executed in civil centres through the medium of district literacy committee .
jet airways service is also there between jammu - delhi and jammu - sri nagar .
kolkata can be reached through all the major cities .
the residents of those places where the atmosphere is covered with viruses , dust , smoke , moisture , fog and cloud are found to be suffering from tuberculosis , cancer , nervous weakness , rheumatism , blood disorders etc .
if on getting sual once it does not end in 10 - 15 days then it becomes the identification of occurrence of sill .
tykomonosis infection spreads through a parasite .
although some dangerous chromosomes of alzheimer &apos; s have certainly been known .
virus of swine flu can be on any thing by the touch of the patient .
live stone statues , archs decorated with aplic work , colorful wall pictures of folk tales , beautiful hangings made of conch and shells , toys and several artistic items can be bought from here .
in this research the women using henna on hair and palms have been warned that they should be cautious in making use of henna .
for different budget people in delhi many hotels and guest houses are available .
there are many small temples in this largest temple complex of north india .
a thermal power house has been established in patratu .
the cause of rheumatoid arthritis can also be people being less active in winters .
avoid heavy , hard to digest , tea , coffee , tobacco , intoxicating things and exciting element .
blood also comes out .
marienplatz is the biggest trade center .
glissading on fresh snow may lead to accident .
h . . . attacks the immune system of the body .
there is instant relief from dry cough by taking 2 grams mulethi powder mixing in pure honey .
specially new couples can be seen boling rice holding the thread together , they feel that this is the first open kitchen of their life and truly also thrilling , the water here boils so much that feet does not hold the ground .
when the amber fort near jaipur is visited , then elephant ride can be done there .
put four-five leaves of basil , some ginger and one spoonful of jaggery in a cup of water and boil it till the time the water becomes half .
in the method of chakrasana fold the knees by lying down on the back .
these are also brought to use for anima after purifying .
exhale while bending forward .
the king considered it as an insult and issued orders to burn padmasambhava but the flames of fire miraculously turned and became a lake whose name became padmasambhava .
he did not climb the everest but mandeep feels that the highest peak of the world has already been so much measured that there is no enthusiasm left with it .
it is more precise in its effect and is good for problems like pimples .
dengue , yellow fever and other microbial infection spreads through another sub species of mosquito named andes egyptys .
the spinal cord is able to move forward , backward , right - left and in circular way because of these only .
by rising up with the help of car we saw batusiya loop in darjeeling .
in this city made for only millionaires many industrialists came forward to make their house and today more than 800 families are staying int his city .
on the occurrence of requirement of iron accumulated in body body uses it .
together with this there is large quantity of fibers in it and there is no cholesterol at all .
a network b . . . . buses is spread throughout mumbai .
if its an abscess -lrb- solitary -rrb- then apply injection of grain emetine hydrochloride for ten days daily .
in which way can the antioxidants protect from the harm occurring due to the frss radicals ?
if filling with soil is not possible , spray kerosene oil etc . in the ditch .
you should not derive the meaning of it that brussels is a boring city .
15 percent women and 6 percent men have the problem of migraine .
many serious complications are found in the foetus like the non-formation of the head or even the water getting filled in it -lrb- hydrocephalous -rrb- etc . .
but as long as it remains in kidney until then either no pain occurs at all or very less pain occurs .
jat starts from nanda siddha peeth kurud and kansuwa in chamoli -lrb- not from nauti as is propagated -rrb- .
it is stair like dome from the height of which surveying the entire town from a height a beautiful scene is presented .
therefore there has been abounding development of schools of higher learning .
the disease immune capacity of the body keeps on decreasing with this .
the immense beauty of this mountain has made discoverers and pilgrims believe that they must see a glimpse of this heaven .
the nearest airport of ladwa is in chandigarh and delhi .
whether they want to be pregnant or not is their decision but women are in confusion due to arrival of many kinds of contraceptives .
you will experience more bumps at the back seat , and reading at front seat is not comfortable .
54 years after the lal bagan zoo of barrackpore , the private zoo established in the marble palace of kolkata is still thriving .
away from city noise and environment here is peace giving silence .
you want to take part in any adventure sports , then first do take its proper training first .
you can get sterilisation three months after abortion .
if the health of any one of the brain or the soul is not good then it is definite for the health of the other to get affected .
here many varieties of birds and wild animals can be sighted extremely closely .
wherever the eyes go pillars of small and big size are seen but these pillars are in such a way that no obstacle reaches in the view of the main sacred place while seeing from anywhere .
keep the burnt portion under tap water .
if caution is practiced then aids will not spread .
in the immediate diagnosis of heart attack apart from e . . . and some special tests of blood at present a special type of camera is brought into use .
the sweet music of the birds is on its frolicking grandeur , the hum of bees makes every flower smell fragrant .
dying up of the tears of the eyes or water coming out of the eyes are general complaints .
besides this you can also see paraad shiva linga , bhaarat mata temple , daksha mahadeva temple , neel dhara bird sanctuary , sapt rishi ashram , shanti kunj , anandmayi maa ashram , pawan dham , double edged burffani temple and rajaji national park etc .
you must eat two or three eggs daily in breakfast .
after getting rid of all tiredness feel that i am completely away from negative stress and positive power has come in me completely .
do not use corn pad also because skin burns by this and can take form of an ulcer .
in this pain , shock and numbness which usually increases at night time occur in thumb and with it in two and a half fingers .
lock gate &apos; is a unique gate of bhavnagar .
built in 1980 this yajna-building is 52 feet high , 70 feet long and 50 feet wide .
in order to make club foot straight initially and or the making of special shoes according to them is also easy .
famous sculptor michelangelo made the stairs used to climb on it in 1536 .
pick the tooth and wash it properly with clean water .
jain temple - near of sarafa this jain temple was made in the year 1925 .
lakhs of tourists visit philipipines evey year to see it .
all those things which are in an old man .
complete it .
do not do domestic treatment .
dorothy seat is also known as tiffin top .
apply this paste on scalp for half an hour before washing .
cancer of prostrate is that which increases gradually .
if only water and not sand had come out from the earth the terrible condition caused due to flood of water would not have happened .
in the method of prishthtanasana while lying down on the stomach spread the hand towards the front , keeping the palms towards the ground keep them on each other .
corbett national park was earlier known with the name of &apos; hailey national park &apos; .
chashmashahi place is famous for healing , virtuous streams , gardens .
people do not have even fans in their houses in nairobi .
for deafness put two drops of lukewarm sesame oil from the sun-charged red bottle prepared by sun rays and chromotherapy in both the ears for at least fifteen days .
it appears as if all these tourists understand the rajasthani language .
as a result such desperation occurs that difficulty in breathing is produced and body gets swathed in sweat .
its main reason is the deficiency of iodine in the body .
when people come here terrified by the hasty life of metropolitan cities then the meaning of love and peace of is understood by them .
because of the use of cold water the glands secrete properly by becoming strong and fired up .
bhalka pilgrimage is near somnath .
there are three art galleries situated in the entire fort spread in the vast area of 3 kms .
not just this , you wash fruits and vegetables many times before use , so that , more and more color on them gets washed .
papapaya is an evergreen fruit and is available in the market easily .
this powder removes gas of stomach immediately .
one shower of rain destroyed the entire city .
dysentery is of two kinds - one kind is known by the name of amoebic dysentery while the other is called bacillary dysentery .
suddenly the thundering of ten cars blowing a balloon of sand diverted the attention of the people .
because at a later stage patient does not get any benefit from it .
risk of infection increases in eyes with trachoma because of bacteria -lrb- we used to call it acute trachoma first -rrb- .
the bird sanctuary of tettekkad idukki is world famous .
this ancient round shaped temple is called chausathyogini or gaurishankar temple .
in such a situation you can come out to tour delhi this weekend .
the fort of patuas : the forts of patua merchants in the middle of the city are the main attraction .
tradescent &apos; s desire was that his collection should reach such a place where it is seen by maximum number of people .
shershah suri &apos; s mosque is one of the most beautiful mosques of bihar .
the flying club of pinjore is a center of attraction of the tourists .
most products of this kind are sunscreen creams based on hydroquinone .
when everything gets burnt then after filtering this oil and applying two - three times on the head arunshika is soon destroyed .
during teething rub glycerine on the gums of children , by this there will be no uneasiness .
who has had aquopic pregnancy earlier . -lrb- baby in the fallopian tube -rrb- .
one feels a sort of blockage in breathing and dry cough arises .
it takes 2 to 4 days for chikungunia to spread after entering into body .
in the cases of suicide india is at second position after china in the whole world .
it is believed that from this hole water reaches a well through the varanavat mountain towards the other side at a place named gangani .
although jugna is a beautiful village but this was the capital of kyonthal heritage at one time .
the existence of itanagar city is of 14th to 15th century .
according to yunani opinion salam mishri is hot and saturator in first class .
there are several cairns in sarnath built during the reign of emperor ashok .
whenever you feel lethargic drink water .
neroli - it is erogenous and sleep inducing , that which calms excited nervous system -lrb- mollifying -rrb- and a therapeutic medicine .
meaning they want to become fat .
yellow - it is a symbol of fame and intelligence .
the land of takshila is completely irrigated by rivers , laden with flowers and fruits and fertile .
maximum birds - animals which do not accumulate food and lead a carefree life lead there life on the basis of available fruits , leaves alone .
and yes , in comparison with european countries america is cheaper .
this was a very good place .
it was preparing itself for the test match starting two days later .
there is relief in sore throat and cough from drinking decoction made by boiling the inner part of its root in water .
by reaching till the age of 60 the taste buds of most people becomes passive by which their capacity for experiencing taste gets destroyed .
rabdentse near pemayangtse was the capital of sikkim once .
the representation of body here also is inverted only : head down and legs up .
this is the very age of the formation of ancient tamil literature .
for this we will have to keep in mind certain things .
the main attraction of this monastery is the 26 meter high bronze idol of lord buddha seated in a calm pose which is said to be his highest idol in the world .
so friends are if there mountains then water and rapids should be there .
if there is rose water at your houe then apply it on dark circle after dipping it in cotton .
nishat bagh was built by queen noor jahan &apos; s brother asif khan .
if the legs are incapable then he would be considered to be the victim of impairement of lower skeletan .
frankincense , rose , sandalwood , lemon , geranium , patchouli are beneficial .
you will like taste better .
in organic fruits and vegetables quantity of anti-oxidants and minerals are more , which are beneficial for health .
hong kong island &apos; is a historical place of hong kong and a board on the paijan street here tells us that to declare the capture of this place the british had hoisted their flag here .
four species of turtles found in bhitarkanika national park are olive ridley , green sea turtle , hoxbill and leather bank .
phoenix the capital of arizona state has connection with the entire world by air route .
it is a belief of scientists that the flowers of nirunkunji spread till miles are in the raajamla of irvikulam national park of munnar .
among the major gardens of sri nagar nishat bagh , shalimar garden , chashm-e-shahi garden are very famous .
after some days the disease subsides , and at times it does not .
in this study 14 thousand children of 5800 families were included .
keep on telling her how do you feel .
it was built in the 17th century by fidaikhan the viceroy and cousin of aurangzeb on the lines of shalimar bagh of lahore .
there is more expenditure of life - force in digesting more food and elimination of disorders produced due to them .
there are special camps set up during school vacations .
white scum remains deposited on tongue .
a child can drink one &apos; s mother &apos; s milk till the age of three years .
eating tablets given by a . . . sister anganwadi activist is also very necessary for not letting the blood lack in body .
some people are unwavering in their belief that if we want a permanent impression of knowledge then it is necessary that our memory be incomplete .
lakhs of tourists come here every year .
an interval of at least ten - fifteen minutes for drinking water is necessary for drinking water .
for this jaipur zoo has also received international recognition .
we returned to delhi via gangtok .
jaisalmer is 793 k . . away from delhi .
by chewing sugar mixed in mint one gets relief from hiccups .
govind wildlife sanctuary is spread in an area of 472 square kilometres in uttarkashi district .
there are some general reasons also for reproductive system infection .
the sun temple has been erected close to bundu on ranchi-tata road 35 km away from ranchi .
keep in mind , only that chocolate proves to be very effective in increasing the physical sex - activity in which the amount of coca is at least 70 to 80 percent .
dermabrasion is a cosmetic medical procedure , under which the upper layer of the skin is removed through abrasion -lrb- sanding -rrb- .
for the facility of tests on these units the facility of lab technician and essential instruments is being made available .
a big number of buddhist monks and nuns come in view here with their activities amidst methods of meditation .
cholera is a disease that occurs suddenly .
in case of pus formation in the throat and pregnancy fever also the green colored medicine of sun charge is beneficial .
the cranial nerves control the muscles of face , tongue , shoulders etc . bring auditory signals from the ears and controls many other internal organs .
cauliflower of high fiber and low calorie is a favorite vegetable of winters .
himachal pradesh tourism development corporation organizes skiing course of 7 days every year in narkanda .
in both his right arms are kamandal and kapaal and in left hands trishul faarsa etc .
because of the weakening of the immunity system of the person suffering from h . . . a . . . . the opportunist infections make use of the situation .
due to which the growth of good cells in the body continues to take place .
through this electronic appliance or minute mike the sound can be amplified many times .
till three - four kilometre for the entire way mind is depressed with the rpicking question of children .
movements of the spinal cord .
the most important thing is that infant mortality rate is the lowest in kerala .
this disease is also addressed as phulbehri in common language .
here taking a ticket you can also take the pleasure of a cruise in the seine river .
but it needs courage to look down from the trishanku mala .
bahanji told easy and reliable ways of contraception .
the child can get cold due to any reason .
wrong food becomes the reason of cold in at least nine out of ten people .
belief is that every desire asked in this temple is attained .
in whose base two compounds are made .
in a very short period the gujarat government has presented this folk festival in front of the world as such a grand festival which has become a center attraction for people in the entire world .
among the initial guests reaching this lake with a total diameter of 1100 kilometres and spread in three districts khurda , puri and ganjam of orissa are shoveller , pintail , gadwal and pochard included .
there is a small zoo and also botanical museum in the polo park .
the special thing with natural treatment technique is this that the person adopts such habit that other diseases do not ever cross his path .
complete it .
including these things in your diet you can save your eyes from getting weakened .
curd proves to be helpful in prevnting the growth of cells in cancer .
during the this festival of seven days it appears as if the walls of the temples of the western group come alive .
indianness was all over and the cook was a boy from pahadpaani .
there is also benefit from making him do loose motions and vomit , making him insert feet in hot water mixed with mustard .
new mountaineers should miss the opportunity to climb these peaks .
the king of the kalchuris rai brahmadev , in 1402 and 1414 changed and took his capital to raipur .
we use it and yet we do not know that its different forms like water , flesh , oil and cream are the best way to refine beauty .
from chennai kanyakumari is 700 kilometres away .
gas is produced in almost every person , which is issued out either by belching or through stool .
when doctors surrendered then she became afraid that her child will never be able to get normal because he was not able to develop like other children even though the future of hardeep was looking bleak yet his parents did not leave hope .
situated 2036 metres above the sea level dalhousie is considered as different kind of tourist place in himachal pradesh .
in order to escape from dysentery make use of safe water sources like - tube well , hand pump , tap etc .
reiki destroys the cause of disease from roots .
surgery depends on the stage of the cancer .
the surrogate mother may also be a relative of a sterile woman or she may also be a knowledgeable or stranger to the couple .
the construction of shriram temple was done by parmar kings 200 years ago .
they attract the tourists towards themselves with special attraction .
while going the island which is seen towards left is north bay .
the national parks and sanctuaries of india offer an excellent opportunity for the photography of wild animals .
pap test is of two types .
here in the clean water we got to see so many ranges of rocks of coral .
there is restlessness during the occurrence of heart attack .
actually , one researcher of ayurveda found in the investigation of medicinal properties of hemp that it can be a brilliant alternative to allopathic pain killers , specially for the patients of surgery .
it troubles children till the age of two years a lot whereas in adults only infections of cold and coryza arise .
there are many other benefits of watermelon like - by drinking the juice of watermelon after eating meal the food gets digested very fast .
it becomes chronic either on its own or on growth of acute disease .
maximum number of tourists like to visit the modern planetarium .
its specialty is this that here streams of hot water come out and moreover hot water , limestone , and due to breaking stones a magnificent panorama is visible .
boil them with the hot cow milk .
both the surrogate mother and the couple should sign a legal paper from both the sides , understanding the rules and laws related to surrogacy .
valerian -lrb- tincture or extract -rrb- in a large amount benefits a little .
sometimes the kumbha of nasik takes place before ujjain .
the fare of these jeeps are from 150 to 250 .
we reached &apos; dorchula &apos; at ten &apos; o clock at night .
there are religious tales of all islands of karnataka including these islands .
ana sagar lake was built by emperor prithviraj chauhan &apos; s grandfather king aranoraj -lrb- annaji -rrb- in 1135-50 .
mughal emperor shahjahan had built shalimar bagh for queen noor jahan in 1616 .
this train gets in arku once again in return .
there are best quality restaurants for food and beverages but it is a special station for cruise as well .
while holding the breath out and remaining in this position for some time about 10 to 30 second then straighten the leg .
in the above situation one should increase the dose of medicines and get tested from a good doctor .
rebawar lake in kullu valley is the religious lake of hindu , buddhists and sikhs .
overall bodhgaya is the center of extreme devotion and importance for the buddhists from all over the world , where the devotees feel their life to be complete by just reaching once .
every gland has two parts .
at some distance from this ghat in the western direction there is a tunnel .
beside the memorial not only of rome but of enitre italy &apos; s famous and magnificent chowk &apos; piazza venezia &apos; is there .
the beautiful tourist spot patnitop is 110 kilometres away from jammu .
today we reached &apos; lavaan &apos; village at 7 p . . after walking for about 30 kms .
the son of jujhar singh dhurjaban adopted muslim religion by marrying a muslim lady in delhi .
2637 meter -lrb- 8652 foot -rrb- high dodabeta is the highest mountain here .
that tourism develops even in naxalite areas , the tourism department is determined for this .
the form of religious cultural fairs in our country is extremely fascinating , well - developed and is an inseparable part of ancient civilization .
use of essential oils is different for every person .
the person is as healthy by mind , emotion as much the root chakra is controlled .
children and elderly come into the grips of cold soon as compared to adults .
this state is surrounded by west bengal in the north-east , jharkhand in the north , andhra pradesh in the south-east , chhattisgarh in the west and the bay of bengal in the east .
in the case of sky high bulidings hong kong is the world &apos; s number one .
today serums of above mentioned companies are only present .
do not give sweet food more than required .
i have a hobby of writing also .
mughal emperor jahangir got shahi garden made on the bank of the lake .
with respect to tourism this is an important center today .
after the surgery by doing some rest the man goes home .
even then c . . . is more in young indians .
took an informant along .
if after having your meal on lapse of a long time if the mixture of food substances again demands some fluid to assist stomach in digestion .
the flower of neelkurunji blooming in the mountainous regions here are better than flowers blooming in other areas .
climb up and down the stairs for 15 minutes .
those who restrain their heart seeing fried tangy things from the fear of increasing cholesterol will now be able to enjoy their favorite preparations because of wheat bran oil .
pollen grain medicine is used in the treatment of stress , pimples , swollen lymph nodes , insomnia , backache and water retention swelling .
the swelling is so much that the patient has difficulty moving around .
especially if you are very close to getting a stroke like if you have high blood pressure , you are a diabetes patient , your cholesterol is high , you smoke or are leading a stressful life .
if the patients of neck pain are standing then they should stand erect .
this is the only such museum of the country .
the jungles of ranchi , mountain , waterfall and beautiful landscapes have always been drawing tourists towards themselves .
someone had said that yawning is like economics regarding which everyone has his one favorite explanation .
some sandal trees were found at the same place of this canal at the eastern end of majhi fort .
do try that you get the right amount of iron in the day .
if you look at the map of ladakh then you will find tibet in the east , pakistan in the west , kashmir in the south - west and lahaul valley of himachal pradesh in the south .
here are many such luxury hotels who have there own personal sea beach .
divya kayakalpa tel oil - this oil benefits immediately in herpes , scabies , itching , eczema , white leprosy , psoriasis , sheetapitta , rashes , skin allergy , sun burning , etc all skin diseases .
the route is so attractive that there is no scope of fatigue during the journey .
the rate of growth of length in hair remains very slow .
despite shortcomings in the wild life tourism attention is definitely being paid on raising its standards in which needs of tourists are fulfilled .
the breeze was coming from the front .
the next morning after shampooing wash hair once again with vinegar .
divya medha vati - this vati tablet removes complaints of brain like weakness of memory , head ache remaining , sleeplessness , having an irritable nature , fits -lrb- epilepsy -rrb- , etc .
manikarnika ghaat is also near it .
on touching slippery layer of frost cracks with the subtle creeching sound and hands separates itself with a jerk due to the feeling of cold .
divya medohar vati -lrb- weightless -rrb- - removing the defect that has come in digestive system reducing the extra fat of body it makes body beautiful , proportionate , radiant and energetic .
do not allow that part of body on which there is eczema to get rubbed and also protect from cold water .
swayambhu-linga of mahakaleshwar is in this temple .
along with hipr-sulf it is appropriate to give a dose of sorinum in the morning and evening regulalrly for eight days .
one of the most beautiful tourist places of kerala &apos; kumarkom &apos; is a group of small beaches drowned in natural beauty .
the next day you should eat raisin and dry fig in breakfast chewing very well .
mountaineers go to conquer the extremely high peaks of snow , while the people fond trekking go with the aim to see the natural beauty spread in the mountains and the valleys closely .
blekroplasty of lower eyelid is almost always done so that the swelling below eyelid or &apos; bags &apos; disappear and wrinkles also reduce .
under this process water from saagar through cemented steps was filled in small sinks and then was filled in solders after being lifted above .
once on the seventh day of falgun and the second time on the tenth day of shravan shukla .
instead of two way trip enquire about round trip .
it was saturday today .
the districts of karnataka are - bangalore , bangalore -lrb- rural -rrb- , belgaum , bellari , bidar , bijapur , chikmagalur , chitradurga , south kannada , dharwad , gulbarga , hasan , kodagu , kolar , bhandya , mysore , ramchur , shimoga , tumkur , north kannada , bagalkot , champarajnagar , devanagari , gadaga , havari , koppal , udupi .
punakha remained the winter capital of bhutan till 1955 .
on just entering philadelphia of the pennsylvania state it differentiates us from other megacities of america .
scientists believe that cancer doest not only remove mild diseases but also cancer .
this reservoir spread in an area of 24 , 000 hectares , 90 kms far from the headquarter dharmshala of district kangra is the biggest man made reservoir in northern india which changes many colors from rising to setting sun the birds flying and chirping above it make it &apos; s scenery even more beautiful .
increase of pain after eating .
malwa express , superfast , jammu mail , jammu express , shalimar express , sialdah express , jhelum express , jhelum express , himgiri express , himsagar express , lohit express , sarvodaya express , hapa express , navyuga express , gorakhpur express , barauni express , madras express , rajdhani express and ferozepur express .
facility of boating is available at burudih lake .
its legs are very strong and as a result they can also walk easily over sand .
here ram , sita and lakshman had spent many years of their exile .
trocotreinol fights against heart disease , breast cancer , it also protects the skin from ultraviolet radiations .
kasargod , the nearest railway station of kappil beach is at a distance of 12k . .
just like the rust on the iron exposed in air -lrb- which occurs due to oxidation -rrb- the cause of the destruction in the body is also oxygen and tissues the chemical reaction of the enzymes .
it is good to eat onion sandwich before going for a party but take mouthwash thereafter .
boils - pimples normally erupt more on feet , arms and stomach .
as per the plan , these troops of saadat khan and mir bakshi would gherao the batallion of peshwa between mathura and vrindavan .
the area of dachigam national park is 141 square kilometres .
bhopal has remained the work place of various rulers in maurya dynasty , shung dynasty , kushan dynasty .
the major reason for a reduction in the number of inbound tourists in india was terrorism and swine flu .
it is necessary to save the patient from cold air on getting common cold nazla zukam by the effect of cold .
elephant , cheetal , kakad and pada have been chiefly settled in north button island national park which are increasing .
roaming on foot on the mall road of mussoorie you can have the pleasure of the natural beauty scattered all around .
cause . deficiency of a chemical names dopamine is the main cause of this disease .
one should go to the nature itself for the treatment of this disease .
despite this if the movement of the ribs is not seen clearly then it should be believed that the ribs are not moving .
if you have the following symptoms then you may have diabetes .
in the north button island park several species of large trees and small - big plant and mutually intermingled creepers and bines are found .
neroli , rose and frankincense remain beneficial .
if you go to chauragadh then be prepared to climb and descend 1,100 stairs .
this fort has buddhist caves surrounding it .
the city is about 90 kms away from munich air port .
but only some special species of grass is seen here .
till the time of benefit do not consume fried things , heavy things , hot tea , hot milk and salty substances .
standing in wonder in front of the camp we were listening to snippets of all the languages of india so many languages .
now roast in 2 kilogram cow ghee mixing one kilogram wheat flour in this mixture .
the bathing place of the wives was known by the name of jal mahal .
just as there is increase in age people start getting bothered by pain of joints .
reach guwahati through train .
bright sun light in the summer afternoons is also dangerous for the eye sight .
capital of india , delhi is a city of wonderful oxymoron .
items of tibetan and himachali craft , shawls and hats and dry fruits can be bought from dalhousie .
there is a lot to see and to enjoy in taiwan which attract tourists towards it .
such women who have pregnancy along with diabetes -lrb- g . . . -rrb- should be under special care of an obstetrician and gynaecologist .
on holidays the number of tourists on wagha border reach up to 12 to 15 thousands .
asthma is not considered dangerous unless it becomes very serious but what can one say about the quality of life .
because of more than required weight , children are becoming victims of the diseases which occur in adults .
do not give paste to the children before the age of seven years , because their teeth need fluoride after seven years only .
bandhavgarh national park is a living museum .
patient of meningitis because of getting uncontrollable by mind starts babbling .
through black basil one gets freedom from bone diseases .
they would come across the amazing aspects of nature .
at night in copper vessel put 2 . leaves of basil after squeezing and fill water in it .
we chanced upon the opportunity of seeing zebras again in this grassy land .
filled with rich foliage , snowy mountains and medicinal trees .
normally in comparison to non smokers they reduce 22 years of their life .
water is necessary even in breathing .
rosemary helps in normalising , on increasing low blood pressure .
in the upper part of the fish house are forty and below thirty six aquariums .
in 1952 kanha national park was established in the form of sanctuary .
this method is determined after talking to the doctor .
it is like our holi festival but the difference is in india water mixed with color is thrown on each other whereas over here only fragrance is mixed in water .
nagaland was once called the switzerland of the east .
from the economic capital ahmadabad of this state itself the beginning of the non violence movement of india began when mahatma gandhi began the journey of dandi from sabarmati ashram here .
the scientists believe that apart from the other parts there are three different types of cells and three other soluble proteins in the immunity system .
during summers people from far off come here .
this medicine especially cures those diseases which arise after being bitten by those dogs in whose saliva there is no poison .
by doing this , the skin reaches over the glans and gets stuck in the trench around it , which does not return later .
in the initial periods of my practice a rural patient was brought to me .
there is fish house also situated on the beach itself in which you can enjoy the special shows of dolphins .
if job is of continuously sitting then warm up by getting up in between .
in some patients local anaestesia may be needed .
this club is near the entrance of the entrance .
first the coastal journey of chandra river and then the bhaga river .
one should give enema to extremely weak patients only after making him lie still .
the strategic objects exhibited in this gallery , weapons and maps of battles , medieval rockets , wheel-locked , rock - art , jujawal guns are main .
its recognition is done by the protein -lrb- antigen -rrb- found on the surface of the outer membrane of the red cells .
this can be felt in the length of nerve and it appears for small periods .
this path winds through green mountains and forests .
here many animals and birds get nimble and complete the act of breeding in the splendor of nature .
while descending down in sea water through stairs many metres below we reached in such a room of glass water which was inside water .
due to the use of grasspea first the person feels weakness in walking and then becomes obligated to take the prop of a stick .
in such a situation you can go to sultanpur bird sanctuary situated near the capital to enjoy holidays .
as a result of this the food converts into liquid material in the stomach which prepares it for entering into the small intestine .
you should prevent eating too much junk food during these days .
in this state there is no need to mix anything in the water .
in the older times there used be trading of incensed wood in aberdeen the main area of the hong kong island .
patriotic songs play on the loudspeaker .
it is now 20 years since the wall of both the cities broke - people appear to be mixed and citizen of the same city .
in 1156 ad rawal jaisal established a fort at trikuta hill and after his own name he named the fort as jaisalmer .
in the weather of spring season the total red flowers of burans blooming in the valleys and the blossoming fields of mustard appear charming .
hundreds of women after making a very big circle keep playing dandiya - raas for hours together .
it is said that the anxiety of death does not exist on offering greetings to the mahakaal in ujjain .
akkulam lake is important in view of boating .
on janmashtami on the temple of the pandavas a charming fair is organised .
located on the way to ghum items of magnificent art can be seen in this art gallery .
if the child even has the complaints of vomiting , fever or loss of appetite , then the water starts getting reduced in his body , which can prove to be lethal .
anyhow popular contraceptives do not give women a hundred percent guarantee of not conceiving .
there is devkund on one side of the memorial .
do not let water accumulate in the broken vessels kept on the terrace .
the ph value of honey being in between 3 to 4 . it automatically has anti-germ properties .
the forests of gugamal national park are tropical , dry deciduous .
this park is well known for leopards , elephants and gaurs .
and yes , do not forget one thing that it will give relief in tooth ache , but do not consider it to be one and only cure and take advice of doctor for sure .
that is why he has enjoyed all the adventures barring only scuba diving .
five kilometres away from the city the bahu garh standing on the rocky earth by the left side of the tavi river is perhaps the oldest fort of the city .
the complete effort of the doctor is this that once again the patient becomes a healthy and active citizen of the society .
in indigestive constipation give a dose of soda bicarb calomel or .
some time back researchers from australia and germany had toured here .
use sterilized needles syringes .
many trekking groups every year come to see the beauty of these glaciers and the grand snow peaks visible in their background .
by this the pores of your skin may open and your skin will look fresh .
instead of the normal curve - linear format , the sculpture of mahabodhi temple is minar - like .
here you can bring your food from outside but you will have to buy beer in the garden .
gastroenteritis occurs due to various reasons , but it generally occurs due to the reason of gastroenteritis bacteria and virus .
chief among these are dugong , dolphin , crocodile , alligator , water monitor , olive ridley turtles , wild boar and cheetal .
have plain satvik meals .
this pain can sometimes go down to the legs .
even today people know the city of kochi by the name of cochin .
use of natural resources also enhances the color of the skin .
the purpose of building this at an extreme height was to keep guard on the mandu area .
the boot house established in kamla nehru park is very much liked by children .
in which the ancient stone statue of dundiraja is installed .
the bulwarks of sonar fort is of the skirt shape .
pain also reduces by drinking this mixture .
calendula oil obtained from a kind of marigold flower is good for reducing burning sensation and its use may be helpful in removing blood circulation defects , digestion menstruation , muscles , vascular system and skin related disorders .
mainly only two types of mustards are found , red and yellow .
when warts erupt on anal opening -lrb- in anus -rrb- and then they start bleeding on occurrence of swelling in those warts then it is called khooni bawasir .
it is to be noted that it is shiv ballabhpur that is known as garh mukteshwar now .
there is also an airport in tirupati which is 50 kilometres away from shri venkatetshwar national park .
royal square koenigsplatz was built in the neoclassic style by king ludwig the first .
apart from this henna is useful in reducing the temperature of the body , curing headache .
the calm deep blue color of the water of tsomoriri lake makes this appear as if a piece of blue sky has come falling on the earth .
many legends related to this fact are popular among the african people .
suck ginger in indigestion .
patient of sabal disease is unable to open eyes .
dost mohammad khan &apos; became the first king of bhopal .
efficiency of nervous system gets adversely affected by excess of glucose in arteries that convey blood to the nervous system .
each year lacs of tourists come here and quench their curiousity and desire of the heart .
after this , take both the shoulders near the ears while inhaling .
solar plexus is the symbol of fire element .
you should give four pieces of sun charged candy prepared from orange bottle by the medium of sun rays and color therapy thrice a day to children of four to fives years according to age increasing by one piece especially at night while sleeping .
environment contaminated with a toxic substance named mptp that is produced from narcotic heroin also produces diseases like parkinson &apos; s .
if we talk with consideration to nature then lapland is it &apos; s biggest attraction .
many times depression and mania start appearing in one patient only .
there are four doors in the temple on which sheets of silver have been laid , on both sides of each door the pictures of various gods - goddesses are made .
there is also a greater chance of infectious disease on this skin .
from it production of bacteria is unable to take place in mouth whereas green tea can often create obstacles making clots in blood cells .
on all four sides of earth water is visible .
what should the government also do , it keeps extremely busy with saving its head and running its cars that is why several such places get left behind where tourists can enjoy naturally if a little preference is given and advertised .
the journey of this salt world popular worldwide with the name of salt land will be extremely memorable .
because of contamination of water in this season dysentery , vomiting appear separately or even together .
in many cities there is a facility of adventure park or sports complex .
brahmacharyasana is completely beneficial in all kinds of mineral diseases , wet dreams , gonorrhoea , diabetes etc .
near the lake sector itself is the secretariat , high court , parliament and university .
vitiligo which means white spots despite not being a disease of skin effects the life of a human to this extent that his social structure is scattered .
to see the wildlife elephants are available in chila .
it has recently been seen in researches that with the aid of medicines the effect that it has on hyperglycaemic nerves can be influenced through a right balance between impaired glucose tolerance and peripheral neuropathy .
spread on around 20 acres , pascal farms is rated quite high by tourists .
probably it is possible that this could be the stork which comes on migration from tibet in the winter .
the benefits of naukasana is similar to uttanapadasana .
by exertion of more pressure on less space chance of formation of ulcer increases .
its aroma is obtained from leaves .
the first is the waist measurement and the second is the body mass index ( bmi ) .
this journey of himavad gopalaswamy mountain can be started from the eastern part of gopalpura .
therefore it is important that do not let the water accumulate near your house and give full attention to its drainage .
half an hour exrcise is enough to keep body balanced .
the british got this place made twice and a clock tower and a portico was made here in 1933 .
if by any reason dettol is not available then the head should be cleaned by boiling neem leaves in water .
from constant exercise one can prevent heart disease , diabetes , high blood pressure , diseases of bones , etc along with immune system boost up .
it provides coolness to scalp .
saif ali khan had to be admitted to the hospital some time back owing to a problem related to heart , then the severe heart attack of fashion designer rohit bal .
besides this , both himachal road transport corporation and private operators provide the transport services for all of these tourist places .
here sea moves all around in each of the streets and colonies .
generally mix one to two percent essential oil in facial oil .
there is boating facility here .
extracting many qualities from plants they are prepared in the form of face wash and soap with an anti bacterial effect .
pavana-muktasana is beneficial for women &apos; s diseases like alpartava , kashtartava and uterine disorders .
this way by the use of substances mixed with these chemicals there is a risk of the occurrence of the diseases connected to nervous system etc .
patient of constipation feels giddy and he also has vomiting .
the pot of anima should be kept three feet above the bench .
the food parks here is also a center of attraction for the tourists .
you may become a victim of acidity because of not getting sleep .
if you want to take the enjoyment of desert safari in the time of morning -lrb- from 9 : 00 till 12 o &apos;clock -rrb- then for this you have to pay the amount of 2500 rupees per person and 1500 rupees per child .
shake it a little after heating it in between twelve and three in the day and on a little fire in the winter .
because of being surrounded all around by munja lake this is known by the name of jal mahal .
also ascertain whether her brain and muscles are weak through conversation with the patient .
the reason for this is the change in the hormones of the body which affects the fertility of the woman .
this place is at a distance of around 30 kms from jwala ji .
situated at a height of 6500 feet the place of summer hill is also famous because of the himachal pradesh university .
apple is such a fruit which is available in all the places of the world for all the twelve months .
the job of nutritionists and dieticians is to give the right information of those food substances to people which are helpful in maintaining their health .
it is the diet specialist ekta tandon says that by a nutritious diet the whole mechanism works smoothly .
if you do not have the experience of oil therapy then you should not use plants of mint family thuja , sage , wintergreen or thyme .
one should include vegetables and other edible products with warm nature in meals in the winter .
do gardening , pet animals and take care of them , do stitching - sewing , etc .
the various districts of st . barth are called by their middle names .
nature has created our vessels only for bearing a certain pressure .
in pregnancy food should be consumed in the right quantity and nutritive .
its legitimacy is highest among the 51 shaktipeeth .
water has a significant contribution in keeping the body temperature balanced .
several types of butterflies are found in the north button island national park .
there are special arrangements for visitors , especially children in prince of wales zoo of rides of elephant and toy train .
the heavenly beauty spread around it impresses everybody .
the spots mostly occur on the chest .
the biggest reason of the falling of teeth are these bacteria .
if indian gooseberry tree is called the tree of gods or haripriya then it would not be an exaggeration .
this was designed differently from the forts .
the activities of game in gangtok are : fishing in rangit , ranikhola , rimbi and teesta rivers .
by this action treatment of tissues infested with rheumatism is done .
the history of north india &apos; s famous and ancient religious fair held every year on the occasion of kartik poornima on the banks of the fallen purgator ganges in the garh mukteshwar of ghaziabad district .
from these the name of one tributary has been kept on the name of former prime minister indira gandhi &apos; priyadarshini jaldhara &apos; .
by this the color of the hair would come out good and they will also look shining .
tourist journey no . .
but if it has snowed then its beauty gets a novel dimension ... taking photos of which you can decorate in your drawing room .
this only pushes us towards the high risk zone of heart related diseases .
the general test of blood and urine .
one can see the physical exertion getting less in city people .
giving unclear answer of questions may be one symptom of the disease of schizophrenia .
antibacterial and antifungal properties are found in bay leaf .
shashkasana gives strength to the womb of women .
at times the child is born inverted or abnormal , his hands - feet or any body part comes out first .
aconite should not be given when there is sweating in the fever .
in mountains weather changes suddenly .
i should tell you that on many roads here statues of well known scottish inventor james watt are installed .
from darkness to light .
meaning of technical , social and economic change is that muscles of man are not doing adequate work .
give complete attention to your own health also .
jam acts as medicine in heart disease .
before leaving check the day and night temperature of that place .
rekong peo bazaar is very expansive .
yes , peshwa baji rao did major harm to 700 mughal soldiers and infantries .
as soon as the germs try to enter into the body through the way of mouth , tonsil terminates them .
before the british rule this was the private property of the local rulers .
different places of tourist attractions in vattavada have not yet come forward completely .
there are big malls for shopping in bangkok .
those colors are as follows - orange color , green color , deep blue color .
in comparison with ancient kashmir the achievement of modern infrastructural facilities has transformed kashmir into a place worth finding happiness .among the outdoor sporting activities and facilities found here are hotels , boathouses -lrb- shikaras -rrb- , air facilities , bus services , golf courses , trout fishing beats , haley skiing , water sports , mountaineering and trekking etc .
according to the recent survey report done on 31 , 581 women , the problems of sex desire , excitement or orgasm is found in 44 . percent women of the age of 45 to 64 years .
are you feeling it to be very much .
tarsar lake is a known natural beauty .
it is said that king bhagirath had called down the heavenly ganga on earth after undergoing a strong penance here .
high fever , vommitting etc occurring in new born baby become the causes of cerebral palsy .
thousands of people come in the fair of ramdeo .
where vishnupur is famous for music families and terracotta temples , it is also famous for various handicraft objects .
the odissi dance based on geetgovindam here is completely dedicated to jagannath .
here only is that sanctuary where lions , white spotted antelopes etc roam fearlessly .
now a days children keep on sitting in front of tv all twenty four hours , which causes many problems in them .
this acid rich smoke harms the lungs .
the creation of sabin vaccine is also through three viruses .
there are many benefits of consuming curd .
its use is done in the form of a medicine and hotness in vegetables .
such patients should drink water in more quantity and should eat substances with calcium as less as possible or should stop .
there are many tourist places on the southern coastal regions of jamaica as well .
hair fall also reduces by drinking half litre juice of salad leaf or lettuce .
if excreta does not cleanse then by giving wick of sun charged blue glycerine excretion will become fine .
along with the adaptation of the body with the height and environment this also facilitates the transport of necessary goods to the camps ahead .
chajour spread over twenty square kilometres is an extremely beautiful wilderness .
after 1 hour of applying this pack of mehandi wash the hair with normal water .
that is why florence is the richest cultural center in the world .
by making her drink tulsi tea , and mixing ginger juice and lemon juice in honey .
according to symptoms medicines of bone - decay are as follows .
a huge fair is held during the month of chaitra -lrb- march - april -rrb- .
it is said that the water of sulpher is helpful in removing diseases of the skin .
naabhi - asana evacuates the gas .
although in sikkim under village tourism arrangements for the lodging of tourists in an ambience of village has been done , but efforts are such that arrangements be done for their residence in houses built in natural valleys .
this rain year a person died due to landslide .
the leading author of research david duston of walker ididi heart institute said the daily routine of many people is of sitting from one chair to the other , sitting from chair to the car and sitting from car to chair of office and sitting stuck in front of television .
languages spoken in arunachal pradesh are - monpa , aka , meiji , nyishi , apatani , hill , adi , digaru , miji , nokte , bengali , shardumen , tibetan , hindi , miritgin , dadu , sampati , singphu nepali , tangsa and wanyu .
some days can also be spent in the wilderness of alaknanda and bhagirathi .
the fields filled with potatoes and mustard were decorated with hives of bees .
if you have less time for lunch then you eat in a hurry but prevent this .
it is even said that the basic reason of disease in body is the accumulation of foreign elements in the body .
the main tourist places of kanker valley are as follows .
applying blue oil is very beneficial .
in the method of parvatasana stand straight on the knees after sitting in padmasana .
one building here is famous by the name vichitra .
champanagar is considered to the be the international center of jain relgion at present .
often signs of aging start showing on this kind of skin .
gastroenteritis is an infectious disease .
every tourist coming to sydney comes to see the tower for sure .
i used to go there every morning taking a walk in the direction of the mountains .
now eliota says . actually this is a major information bearer , which does the work of reaching information between the cells . .
you wo n &apos;t be able to forget the trip of this train .
this fact came to the fore from a study done on women going through the pre - menopause condition and women having already attained menopause .
on its one side is a sand beach and coral rocks on the other .
to give a new flavor to dosa mix few fenugreek seeds in its mixture .
cmplt it .
in the industrial city bhilwara of this region organized in combined coordination of the district administration and common people the start and style of the annual bhilwara mahotsav is different from all .
the nearest colony of gangotri national park harsil is at a distance of 30 kilometres .
according to dr . sharma the organization of spine is such that bending of it forwards backwards left - right is possible .
while finishing daily chores of life , while coughing or sneezing , laughing , while picking up stuff by bending sudden leakage of urine is called s . . . that is , stress urinary incontinence .
take milk and fresh curd , not sour curd .
just as we reached the bedi port our sights fell on a big group of birds , and dolphins hopping on the surface of water also was seen .
cholesterol is of both good and bad types .
after the &apos; acute infection &apos; in the respiratory system &apos; infective focus &apos; also plays important role in the disease of &apos; chronic bronchitis &apos; .
the guide said that among the ostriches the soil gray ones were females and the one which is big and black in the middle was male .
almond and jojoba oils prove to be good purgatives .
it is said that the statue of the small patan devi mandir was established by man singh , the army general of the mughal emperor akbar .
the nearest town of nagerhole national park kutta is 7 kilometres away .
myelocytic . in this the color of blood becomes dull and thin .
the way to the unparalleled village malana having a unique type of culture and democratic administrative system , tare in the world , also goes from the place called jari about 15 kms prior to manikarn , for malana there is also about 15 kms pedestrian way through naggar .
similarly many important calculations today are so long and boring that it would be problematic for us to finish them .
at that time the treatment and medical equipments that were available , they were no where in north-western india .
when there is pain in eyes this disease is called ramada in arabic and &apos; ashobachashama &apos; in persian .
in the third century -lrb- 268 b . . -rrb- mauryan emperor ashoka had obtained victory over kalinga .
i began experiencing the immense power and zeal of the communication , body fitness and was quickly filled with confidence .
in the dahod city here birth of aurangzeb son of shahjahan took place .
the caves of udaygiri are on vidisha road approximately 14 kilometres from sanchi .
there are no side effects of vaginal tablet .
by removing their unnecessary amount by urine one can keep the body clean and healthy .
faint coming over .
rajat waterfall , is at little distance from apsara vihar .
in common language that injury is called a canker which does not heal easily and in which there is continually a thin and viscous secretion .
those who eat rice , black lentils , cauliflower , colocasia , arum colocasia , etc things complain of stomach ache because of production of gases .
it takes even less time than 30 minutes in finishing the safe procedure of t . . .
in the evening boat you can enjoy the beautiful scene of sunset .
for reaching pachmadi by rail route have to go to pipriya .
the nagwansi king chetkarna established the temple of lord vasudev rai with traditional procedures of worship in 1470 .
kanha is at a distance of 165 kms from jabalpur and 182 kms from bilaspur .
in common language navasir is called bhagandar .
in the production of a healthy lifestyle role of multivitamins is clear .
curd is also beneficial for the patients of high blood pressure and kidney .
heart gets stronger by it .
out of which hutchinson gilford progeria syndrome -lrb- h . . . -rrb- is also one .
the pain in knees occur because of getting injured or the accumulation of polluted fluid of the bosy .
along with this big wheel three other joined wheels turned .
checkpoint charlie is a place there , where you enter the east of west germany .
the phases of the development of the forts is the story of the development of human civilization .
change the position of the child in such manner that he keeps lying straight in the lap of the mother .
or you may apply a leave - on type of a conditioner or hair syrup .
exercising is my hobby .
giving hypothermia to patients that have gone into coma because of cardiac arrest doctors are treating them fully saving them from brain damage .
the buddhist viharas , meditation cells , museum and paintings here are worth visiting .
raja shalivahan had constructed magnificent temple in devotion to kapil muni .
whatever be the name of the disease if the patients feels nauseating then he will become well on giving ipecac .
swarna bhasma despite being powerful is a mild substance .
both the teams try to deliver this puck in the opponent &apos; s goal post .
two medicine stores - dehradun and udham singh nagar - have been built in the state to distribute medicines .
everyday in the morning and before sleeping wash your feet with lukewarm water and use a moderate soap .
vlp imitates chikangunia but does not become infectious .
some parts of the hollywood blockbuster film blue lagoon were also shot here .
the cells and proteins together become capable of initiating the immunity activity .
gastric wounds , cancer of all parts are diseases of abdomen .
the wildlife of manas national park includes elephant , tiger , leopard , snow leopard , gaur , wild buffalo , hippopotamus , sambhar deer , swamp deer , pada kattas , bear , squirrel , wild boar , golden langoor , capped monkey , ghadiyal , python , mole , otter etc .
bheemdev only got this temple constructed .
this stretching exercise is particularly good for sore and sprained neck .
in the heart of the tourists their house , temple and palaces are the most popular .
due to the consumption of tea the use of iron elements found in food does not take place completely .
b-class buses fpr sri nagar run from the general bus stand .
shooting of many famous films has taken place in beautiful valleys of solang .
twisting shakes all the muscles in your back ( especially those in the middle of the back ) that cause them to rot by sitting for long periods of time .
because of these pigments the color of the strawberries is red .
a huge bell is put on the door .
in independent india two separate states with the name of haryana and himachal pradesh were established eking out of it .
some popular roads for both the indian and foreign type of tourists are .
the second royal bath is on 24 january .
cervix cancer happens due to h . . .
penang is also famous for its ancient buddhist temples .
if the redness of the eyes is not being removed then one gets relief by washing the eyes with water prepared by the sun-warmed green bottle for three-four times .
2 to 10 percent cases of a few cases of hernia of stomach are of this type .
those who do not drink milk can take shilajeet with hot water also .
generally large campaign teams have wireless .
it remains quite useful to give medicines like angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors for keeping level of blood pressure maintained normal .
the human who drinks eight sips of water before sunrise could remain alove for hundred years by becoming free of disease and old age .
tightening of bile tract , occurrence of a certain kind of inflammation or occurrence of dry faeces , formation of stones of bile , etc are main causes of icterus , jaundice .
being favourable to the constitution is called shastra - satmya and unfavourable is called asatmya .
the places worth seeing in mandu .
there is village named hapamuni 24 km away from lohardaga in ranchi - lohardaga - gumla road where mother goddess mahamaya temple is located .
jaigarh cannon factory is the forerunner and matchless in the organised and conserved factories of india .
sharp pain occurs .
this center will also present copies of the speeches delivered by the prime ministers of india from the battlement of the red fort from 16th august , 1947 till today .
do yoga and meditation .
rolled at the feet of priests .
the whole vat surgery gets over in only 1-2 hours .
treatment of b . . . disease .
take lunch break of 15 to 20 minutes .
there is an arrangement of massage , swimming , bar in the hotel for you .
the reduction and stopping of the lack of vitamin a by encouraging the consumption of food items rich in vitamin a available at local level . the effective methods of special message and communication .
blood began flowing from the cuts from the legs .
presented are some solutions .
its attack can occur even from someone smoking a cigarette nearby .
the next day there was lunch for the travellers in &apos; lakhi &apos; village .
air force : regular air service is from delhi and jabalpur for gualior .
faeces being extremely thin , being like water , recurring and ache in stomach while excreting and before it .
major airport is in khajuraho at a distance of 270 kilometres from sanjay national park .
the coins brought out from water becomes their prize .
air consisting of sodium and magnesium chloride comforts the patients of asthma and allergy in health center .
because of being enclosed in a box of bones at one end of the body it is not easy for the brain to keep a direct contact with all the distant parts of the body .
this gurudwara of kurukshetra is famous by the name of siddhwati .
the glimpses of a luxurious lifestyle of royalties and struggle filled lives of common man is clearly visible here .
their reply was that the national memorial , zoo and small established here are very apt for getaways .
this is the very reason that problem of split hair also occurs .
patient remains lethargic .
while moving towards thhanjing we saw grand view of narsingh mountain and pandim peak .
the other is for international flights -lrb- terminal - ii -rrb- .
it seems from this machine process that some sort of air conditioning arrangement was here and its use was mainly as summer palace .
after menopause because of the decrease in estrogen level the danger of heart disease increases in the women .
they were descending a herd of around 300 sheep .
in this season there is direct effect of ultra violet rays of sun on skin .
do not give him canned food but such fresh food which has been prepared and cooked by you .
eat light sweets also .
the protective shiled is made by the violet color .
there are several tribes of mizo people and their names are thus - lushai , pawai , peth , ralte , peng , hmar , kuki , mara and lakhen .
in this very country the great scholars who has shown way to the world were born .
activities taking place are visible only in the city .
amidst all this the guide began to track tiger .
this disease of excess of iron is called &apos; hemosiderosis &apos; .
in some older children other than viral asthma attack can occur due to sensitivity towards smoke , tobacco smoke , cold , sun , etc . also .
have proper sleep , exercise , do yoga and relax .
bardia national park : this is the biggest forest area and without and obstacles .
no matter what the addiction is , after getting the treatment 60 - 70 percent people again start the intoxication within few months .
right from the time of birth it is important to give special attention to food for good health of the child .
in the process of child birth the woman only has to face all the difficulties .
stone age caves and several ancient graves have been excavated here .
the natural beauty here worked as a catalyst in his literary spiritualism .
patient also experiences pain in waist -lrb- back -rrb- .
many chemical substances named glucoside , बैग ् नलेनोसाइड , tolbutamide , tannin are found in banyan tree .
experts tested sarvix cancer in 328 women using acetic acid , lugal iodine and pap smear techniques to find this technique , and found that 83 percent of women were suspected of cancer when tested with pap smears .
when making a facepack , adding a spoon of honey to it will brighten the skin .
limes of snow were still remaining in the mountains of dorchula there .
the development of park is underway .
to be the view of this extraordinary world of the sea life one has to get the permission from the office of national marine park located in jamnagar , then starts a journey which reveals several mysteries of sea life .
this place now known to people as bada pani has turned into a very popular picnic spot and to roam around in recent times .
who has the discharge of blood from the vagina without any reason .
dharamshalas and holiday resorts of m . . . . are also available for the stay of tourists in ganpati pule .
the unique designs of the tajmahal is worth looking .
therefore in next summer if you go to switzerland then interlaken is offerring you indian dinner cruise in lake brienz in may and june .
by combining the events sequentially in this way many times our mind begins to think in the right direction .
it is believed that meerabai had come to bathe here once .
these rock edicts are made of very big rocks .
there is such a process of relief from autogenic training stress and its adverse effects by which there can be freedom from various kinds of problems other than problems like ulcer , asthma , heart arrhythmia , palpitation , high blood pressure , constipation , loose motions , irritability and hands - feet going cold .
the wide expanse of himalayas is like the crown of india .
for healthy and shining hair massage the skull with the hot coconut oil and cover the head with the warm towel .
rub the sun-charged red oil of oil-seeds prepared through sun rays and chromotherapy at the place where there is pain .
in this a general tendency has been found to be seen in the school children towards adventurous games .
its distinct place has formed in goa &apos; s tourist circuit .
actually , the early you reach , the better seat options you will have .
lets laugh - smile a bit .
patients of high blood pressure should use less salt in eatables .
these microbes can infect the infect and this infection may prove to be dangerous for the infant .
sliding using a ski on the snowcald mountain slopes is aclled skiing .
berlin will present .
ordinarily lymph nodes are found in the stomach of all individuals but when they increase inside the stomach then there are many reasons behind their enlargement .
a chaumukh is built inside the cave on which statues of the first four tirthankaras are built .
the characteristic of this expedition was that things found here were not found in other excavation sites .
there used to do yoga practice till few hours and after that used to return .
in the morning one boat brought us to airport island from the cruise .
for such people who take climbing and mountaineering seriously for them special training is given for bouldering , freehand climbing , rappelling etcetera by the foundation .
this mixture works as a luxurious conditioner and makes your lifeless , rough hair lively again .
kamla beach of north , sureen beach oand bang tao beach are a little less developed and only tourists who dislike crowded areas go over there .
through blood pressure control , intensive lipid management and anti-platelet therapy these complications can be reduced in a significant manner .
after delivery woman &apos; s uterus and tubes are in the upper portions of the body .
in advancing age often excrescence forms in the womb .
on the day of 6th september of 1893 a 400 yards high top of a mountain near the gohna river fell in the birhi river .
the journey to this southern shore of kingston traveling through mendeville and bamboo avenue is very beautiful .
bers disease can also occur from unnatural food habits and mental stress .
the tour of kolkata is considered incomplete without darshan in the kali mandir .
in aurangabad , bibi &apos; s tomb called the tajamahal of the south is center of attraction of tourists .
snow laden himalayas are standing above this magnificent city like a minar .
this place is covered with trees of forest flowers , ferns , moss , acorn , deodar and pine .
for children and teenagers obesity has been considered a big matter that is why for saving them from obesity some parents and children themselves too keep their footsteps carefully .
near the excavation place itself in the museum of the archaeological survey of india several items of archaeological importance of different time periods are conserved .
do not eat stale food and the things being sold at road sides .
rani had sparked the feelings of revolt in the hearts of her chiefs in this very fort .
do not give more liquid to him at night .
apart from this temples devoted to kumarpal , vimal shah and sampritiraj are also very beautiful .
make your husband or a responsible person of your family understand beforehand that in emergency situation , not to waste time in argument .
the young generation is more conscious of health as compared to the last generation .
with the fall of evening stir in the main strolling ground nehru park gets faster .
vaucheria bancrofti parasite is found in the lymph vessels and it spreads lymphatic filariasis .
the scientists of the dermatology center of ... ... ... ... ... .. . of germany have said in their research that actually henna is not harmful in itself .
son et lumière presents the glimpse of the history of the fort before audience .
do see the famous st . peter church , saint peter square , fountain , museums etc of vatican city .
these are serially called deudenal ulcer , gastric ulcer and oesophageal ulcer .
the bedroom of the child should be kept free of the kitchen and pesticides .
save the children from dust .
which means only an illusion of water .
then it is chilling cold .
the temperature of the hot sulphur water here remains invariably 94 degree in all the weathers .
there is also a special attraction of the air balloon here .
cough remains accumulated in chest which does not come out easily .
the hills of karnataka located on the bangalore - mysore highway are also requesting a good invitation for climbing on the rocks .
in this situation maharaj bhagyachandra had to move towards shrihatt -lrb- silhat -rrb- by catching the route of southern forest .
if there are complications in the new born baby then it should be referred to the right unit .
the credit of the discovery of st . barthelemy goes to christopher columbus .
there are many easy ways of keeping amount of glucose balanced in diabetes .
a thin secretion comes out of anal opening .
near only there is the vivekananda memorial where vivekananda had stopped for rest during his himalayan journey .
because of the tap water you begin to feel tiredness or stress begins to be there in the eyes .
on coming to khajuraho a surprising thing is that the young guides here who are called &apos; lapke &apos; can speak all the languages in the world fluently .
prepare a ` food chart &apos; in which include small and moderate diet .
keep the hands in the front in the posture of greeting .
take only one car on hire , do some research being online and on definite basis you will get good deals .
famous with the name of takhta shri harmandir ji saheb , this memorial is a sacred pilgrimage of the sikh religion followers .
according to this report published in the journal of clinical investigation , it is possible to prevent turmeric from hyperstrophy , which is responsible for heart failure .
the particles of outer dust accumulates in the ear .
take bath only 15 minutes after the sun bath .
tents have to be taken along to stay near the glaciers .
all that goes on in your head and all that you think starts being true .
you can also take the enjoyment of swimming on the sea shore of puri .
from drinking a lot of water deficiency of oxygen in unable to take place in blood otherwise in its absence because of formation of lactic acid one may feel stiffness in muscles .
the number of cheetals living in this park is more than 8000 which is supposed to be most in india .
in the treatment of prostrate t . . . is quite popular and most urologists are using this method .
far at a deserted place when we asked what the name of this place was then we got to know that it is known as gumdesh .
it is better to suck ginger in motion sickness -lrb- nausea which happens when sitting on a ship or bus or while swinging on a swing -rrb- .
at the same time the work of underground water power station is also completed .
so that you may have a peaceful sleep at night .
the more this organ is important the more are the diseases found in them .
abstain from such food , in which the quantity of cholesterol and fat is more .
if you are thinking about reducing weight then avoid eating junk food , chips , fried - roasted and spicy things .
although the chance of reaching these viruses to the brain is just one percent .
if care lessens has not been shown in the cleanliness of the teeth then there is no need to worry .
the indian army has its base at yonphula .
in other events competitions in traditional dance , music and sports are organised .
in the deserty lands of rajasthan funrides can be had sitting on the ship of the desert that is the camel .
the tradition says that sorceress used to do sorcery over here and the worship of 64 female ascetics was also done by them .
on removal of infection damaging that empty space with machine it is bled .
but the queen was devotee of rama .
there is white fluid in it .
many tourists reach to see the ` parvati glacier ` trekking from there .
in the pali pachhaun district vinu river forms confluence with old ramganga coming to budhi kedar .
therefore climbers start crossing it very carelessly .
along with boat riding , tourists can also enjoy fishing .
it is believed that bharat along with ayodhya residents had come to kamadgiri to take rama back again to ayodhya .
the snow mountain of the himalayas appear clear and totally nearby from khirsu .
just nutritive food is not essential , but staying cautious is also essential so that the chemicals do not go inside with nutrition in the body .
in which like the ayurveda &apos; s basic principle of vaat , pitt and kaph , the change in the color of the body is considered the origin of the diseases .
a place named chandanakkadu near chinnar is appropriate for wildlife view .
kaddali mahotsav was to happen in october 1999 , which was coming after a gap of twelve years .
eye sight can weaken due to viagra .
the couples should be provided with the advice of family planning , knowledge and services .
in bright sunshine above the roofm of houses a thick layer of snow is sparkling .
india gate , delhi is built in the memory of more than 9000 martyr indian soldiers in the first world war .
female anopheles mosquito breed in dirty water .
in everything literature , culture and art laughter is certainly present in some or the other form otherwise reader or subscriber would not be able to establish harmony .
if possible then entire summers use only moisturiser .
from delhi , ramnagar is 240 kilometres by rail and 290 kilometres through motorway .
unless your mind is at peace , unless you feel sleepy , dark circles will not go away just by outer treatment .
travellers going to badrinath leaving kedarnath go to chamoli at the sides of alaknanda from rudraprayag .
by ending constipation pain also ends .
bhoja &apos; s father sindhu king was killed at the hands of chalukya king telpa in the south godavari river . it is believed that king bhoja had built the shiv temple in his memory the design of which is called swargarohanprasad .
in the same lal bagh there is also a house made of glass like the crystal palace of london .
saputara is also connected to ahmadabad and mumbai via rail and bus route .
the colorful mosaic , paintings and the samples of art reminds one of the craft of the past .
senior medical oncologist dr. amit bhargava says that colon cancer cases are increasing in the last five years .
first of all treat that disease because of which virus has come over liver .
the complication of not having control on urination , the problem of leaking on its own may occur due to the reason of diseases of urinary system or the various diseases of organs situated close to it .
tourists wishing to stay in the kodaikanal picnic place can stay according to their convenience in hotel sunrise , hotel kodai international , holiday home , youth hostel etc .
on entering belgaum the old fort welcomes the tourists here .
first it separates the lips and the gums then a whitening gel is released in between .
near only to birla temple is kurukshetra university .
it is the desire of son that will affect the future reproductive level of the state .
the journey of kochi - kottayam - munnar from tiruvanantpuram .
that idol was made in such a way that at the time of sunrise the first ray of sun would lay on the face of that idol .
there can be a side - effect of it on skin of some people .
this is the first important project of this mountain region .
patan &apos; had been the capital of gujrat till 1414 .
if complications arise in delivery then immediately she should be sent to such unit where the diagnosis and treatment of complications is possible .
they are the tourists of normal budget .
other than this lipstick should be selected according to complexion and occasion .
trees of deodar and cyle hundreds of years old have been cut here by forest mafia 20 - 25 years before .
ajna chakra is situated in the middle of our head i . . in the middle of both the eyebrows .
when people do not rectify their eating and drinking habits , eat very tangy , oily and delicious things made from garam masalas then digestion becomes weak .
aconite - 30 : if there is pain from ice water , such pain that it can not be endured .
on an average its depth is said to be 18 feet .
louse -lrb- pediculosis -rrb- - louse are of three kinds - lice of clothes , body , of head , of private parts .
cumin protects from skin infection .
the family welfare program was run at the national level in the year of 1952 .
condom is used by men .
some trees of babool are found in sultanpur .
this only is wood - apple powder .
there is dual chakuti on the top of the temple .
all the natural structures are available in the himalayas .
the goal of this campaign was also to study the geographical and eco-systemic changes , status of glaciers and snows occurring in its way after the year of 1997 .
to detect the chances of this disease we have to take the aid of genetic antibodies and metabolic markers .
at a height of 9050 feet 20 kilometres away from kausani pinakeshwar is a favorite place of people having an interest in trekking .
in order to free india from polio mellitus virus and to save people from becoming victims of polio in thousands of number every year , the pulse polio program was started by the world health organisation which was established in april 7 1948 .
in one village there was an ancient chateau of some gaund king .
no matter which season there is no effect on the process of operation .
synonymous of spiritual resort and french attraction puducherry is recognized due to maharshi aravind and the mother .
make use of the toilet .
fresh fruit and raw vegetables purify the body and they make the blood basic .
this disease starts increasing in winters and healing in summers .
one could also have the neck pain because of pessimism , shock , restlessness , stress and fear etc . .
problem in desire or the process of copulation .
repeat this process five-seven times .
then massage the hands-legs , chest , back , neck and face of the child .
radhakrishna temple , lord shiva temple etc are very popular in rampur .
in mughal period agra became famous as the capital of the mughal empire .
g cells &apos; secrete the gastrine hormone .
all those patients are benefited by this medicine who are unable to digest &apos; milk &apos; or &apos; meat &apos; .
in women with very good or grand health in comparison to women with bad health there is ordinarily an increase of 3 . years in the sexually active life .
apart from this , itching near or inside vagina with discomfort at the time of micturition is also a common symptom .
in dharchula our beloved and respected shri jawahar singh nabiyal and shri harish rautela used to continuously make available to us through letters every small and big information .
in thoracic spine like neck and waist all diseases are possible , like slip disc , tumor , infection like t . . fracture , hunchback , etc .
as mentioned there are following benefits of sleep .
his legs start wobbling , head starts reeling and he falls down .
vaidyaraj ramraksh , whom we used to call tun-tun had been appointed here as a physician by the district board for some time now .
it is not right for blood pressure to be more than 130 85 .
in the lahul area of dharamshal is the pong lake , trout and mahasheer fish are found specially in it .
expressions of equanimity towards all religions and spiritual experiences are found in these paintings .
doing any activity or walking on the glacier is a too complicated , difficult and dangerous job in itself .
ghair and fire dances are the main attraction .
make the child lie down on the back for the massage of the face .
there is an attractive tourist spot 29 kms to bhatwari on the uttarkashi gangotri motorway and 10 kms through bus to raithal from bhatwari and from there a pedistrian of 8 kms .
with changing age the new techniques of treatment are successful in providing relief from every problem .
the human curiosity towards these variations takes him from one place to another even if it is related to religion , language , tradition , food habit , architecture or natural environment .
located on the trekking way of pulga and pin parvati , pass manikaran is famous for its hot water sources .
after getting down at kathgodam you can go to ranikhet by taxi .
nauseating tendency and it seems like vomiting .
you will get very many pizza huts where you can take enjoyment of meals in only 12 pounds .
markets like hajratganj and aminabad are here which rule the hearts of the people due to its innumerous virtues .
both the hands should be placed on the knees in jyanmudra -lrb- keep the index and he thumb touching each other , the other three fingers should be straight -rrb- .
normally there is detection of pyria on constant swelling remaining on gums and on shaking of teeth .
keep the brightness of computer screen according to computer .
in it there is sticky discharge from vaginal passage .
the woman who has got abortion i . . . can be implanted that very day if there is no infection in uterus of the pregnant woman .
historically famous the kaling state was located in the foothills of the dhavalgiri mountain .
pressure applying from slip disc or broken bone on nerve fiber can also be its cause .
you must have seen that at times in pregnancy or during delivery major faults occur .
after the chalukya empire the yadava rulers of devgiri and hoysal rulers of dwar samudra brought karnataka under their reigns after having distributed .
in 1807 ad sovereignty of the british was established over lakshadweep .
laddakh has very little population .
it &apos; s a different pleasure to see sunset from kathmandu &apos; s svayambhunath place .
if the secretion does not come after the girl becomes young then it is called ` primary amenorrhoea &apos; and if the secretion stops after coming then it is called ` secondary amenorrhoea &apos; .
physiotherapy is related to the exercise .
because of excess of worms many people become victims of vazulkalb meaning heartache .
shimmering thimpu is the image of the present of bhutan .
the newest treatment of keratoconus is c . r .
to take out the cataract with the help of the technique of ` phaco emulsification &apos; a small incision of 3 mm is made .
you will achieve the real beauty of the sukhna lake while walking on the hemispherical road along the lake .
vazulkalb disease happens a lot because of other diseases .
one such a big fountain -lrb- and the largest in europe also -rrb- which throws water down from 140 metres high in the air .
take black coffee or ice tea without sugar .
during the days of snowfall , in kufri - situated around 18 kilometers far from shimla , on the india - tibet national highway , an influx of tourists pours in .
really , the land of kashmir is very beautiful and divinity has bestowed boundless love on it .
have you ever gone to goa ?
on holidays several families also come with their children to nariman point .
a sheet of golden sunlight was laid .
the tomb of gauss mohammad .
having been impressed with the natural beauty and peaceful pleasant environment of kausani mahatma gandhi had spent 12 days in kausani and created the book called &apos; anasakti - yoga &apos; .
there is also a 80 40 feet pond on kolhua hill peak which is amazing .
from chandigarh you can go to kurukshetra via bus or taxi .
on being under attack of diabetes our body forms insulin which helps in lessening sugar .
this thing has been said on the basis of research done on 3,253 women and men of denmark .
netarhat hill station is also called sunrise point and sunset point .
we ate food and went to rajmandir cinema hall .
at some places water came out of the ground like a fountain and heaped around the water mouth like sand-dome as the mouth of volcano .
opening the pores of skin they clean it and remove wrinkles .
in endovascular repair without an operation being done a stat graph is put on the aorta from the inside and it is repaired .
do not scold the child in front of everyone for wetting the bed but make him understand in loneliness .
located on the border of tamilnadu and kerala , chinnar wildlife conserved area is also situated at a little distance from munnar .
for seeing these birds tourists can take pleasure of seeing them while boating all around the bird sanctuary .
nanda devi east and longstaff kol in front were looking really high .
there are very many plants of rare medicinal herbs in nakshatra forest .
try that synthetic clothes are not worn during summers .
use such an oil in food which does not solidify .
toxic substances like lead oxide , copper sulphate , aluminium bromide and mercury are mixed in paints available in market which produce various kinds of allergies .
this is because they are ignorant of feminine hygiene wash .
diseases arising out of not feeling sleepy .
by using the seconds needle in your watch count the breathing rate in one minute .
if this disease is not treated immediately then this swelling reaches the lungs and patient becomes victim of pneumonia .
for the method of padangusthasana touch the perineum -lrb- the portion in between the excretory organ and anus -rrb- with the heel of the right leg .
diabetes has taken the shape of an epidemic in the world today .
as long as possible keep skin covered .
in reality the calcium found in the milk is itself the main reason behind many diseases .
the beauty of panchmadi lake invites tourists for boating .
padmasana increases the digestive power .
it is believed with this that if anyone sees the goddess with direct eyes then his eyesight goes off .
if the stomach is not properly cleaned , there are complaints of constipation and indigestion then for some days in the beginning take some gentle laxative or triphala etc . while going to sleep in the night .
ancient stone idols -- on a big rock on the narrow path leading to the siddheswarnath temple , some figures of shivlinga and ganesha etc are made .
during heartache you should keep patient in open air so that he is able to get enough clean and fresh air -lrb- oxygen -rrb- for breathing .
air conditioned luxury and deluxe coach and cars , ambassador cars and jeeps are available for individual and group tour , sponsored and package tour in the transport wing of the himachal pradesh tourism development corporation -lrb- h . . . . . -rrb- .
say like this that your complete lifestyle gets affected with this .
18 kms away from vyaskund through shingara on the way to madhi are bhringui and sholasha lakes .
initially industrialists and rich people bought their home here as a holiday home but have now made it their first home and from here commute to mumbai for work .
high fever , cold , bleeding from skin , high heart pulse , headache , waist pain and diabetes occur in serious cases of yellow fever .
the jungle of pine , kail , banj , cedar here are found emanating its unprecedented beautiful manifestation .
in small kids if there is any complaint of eye squint then many times it can be corrected even without surgery .
tourist coming to leh city gets surprised by looking at its big expanse .
daily at least two or three times fruits and fruit juice are very important for the nutrition of the child .
malana village is very popular in the tourists of the country and abroad for its unparalleled beauty and ancient cultural heritage .
like i always eat healthy food and on time .
the loather formed out of paste destroys the bacteria on the teeth while because of these things the upper layer of the teeth becomes bad and the dirt on the teeth is also not removed .
the attacks about which we can not find out they are between one third to one fourth of the heart attacks which come in young age .
the king of kachaar could not accept this .
during 15 minutes all those exercises are made to be done in it which are helpful in keeping body healthy .
sangdaah is very famous for famous environmentalist kinkri devi .
hemp can liberate the patient from unbearable pain occuring after operation .
there is good arrangement of stay here .
there was a time when to stop age indian people needed to go to england or america for this .
if your child is sick , then give your child the least meals or drinks of sugar causes the most harm to the immunity system .
the leg is severed below the knee or above , the artficial leg can be fixed .
if the hair and skin of the face remains radiant then the self-confidence of the person remains intact .
in pregnancy the growth of foetus is possible only when the pregnant woman is healthy and properly fed .
the nearest airport from the valley of flowers national park is about 310 kilometres away in dehradoon -lrb- jolly grant -rrb- .
this mountain is the refuge place of more than 50 beautiful birds in which janu rana , monal , koklas , partridge , bater , chakor , small monal and moorhen and wild hens keep .
where during summers brave games of flying in sky are organised , during summers here sliding thrill on snowy slopes is worth seeing .
in fact in axon the electricity can be conducted equally from both the directions just like wire .
there are manual instruments attached to open both the windows .
after doing this method of garurasana from one side do it from the other side .
take the juice out after squeezing the onion .
famous due to charming natural views and eye-catching scenes the kodaikanal hill station is located in the southern part on the palani hill .
how to reach jammu .
it walks in the path of pain nerves or its branches and is deep .
it is an artistic job because the surgeon also pays attention to this fact that how this &apos; new &apos; nose will look on the face in future .
the one who laughs and chuckles definitely remains in benefit himself and distributing panacea in the form of laughter lightening the heart of those coming in contact with him makes him her his friend .
turn the hands from the right side to the left side in such a way that the waist while bending forward , turn in circular fashion by the fingers of the legs touching the hand , when the hand comes on the thighs then bend the waist backward .
most of the skiiers like canada for this sports activity .
the buddha statue located in the first cave of cave no . has abhaya posture .
taste of mouth is also restored in a day .
bhutan is not only the medieval image of himalayas but is also the lone heritage of the entire tibetan cultural world being sacrificed in the flames of chinese communism .
do you know that stress and smoking affects women in a different way in comparison to the men .
complete it .
the place where the statue of the goddess is kept devotees sit nearby the same sacred area and worship .
eat fibrous food because constipation does not occur from it .
heavy hips and thighs might as well be contributing very well in spoiling your figure but they are a good sign of fitness of your health .
there psychologists also consider environment responsible for this disorder .
through a recent research its revealed that if you are old and its in your habit to exercise , then your knees can have problems .
let the chin touch the voice box .
in case of complete drying of milk use pulsetila-30 thrice a day .
you should prevent reading or writing and watching television of patient .
this rectangular building has a history of its own .
what is the right way of administering medicine to the infant ?
the initiation of making the patient disease free completely takes place in the second stage .
in order to prevent filaria use mosquito net while sleeping and go to sleep after applying mustard neem oil on the body .
to swim with sharks one is imprisioned in iron enclosures and left with them .
there is a belief about this place that childhood of the goddess was spent here .
thekdi village and kumili village nearby have now adapted themselves as per the needs of local and foreign tourists .
from the visitor center the journey of the corners of grand canyon , the tour of prime sightseeing places can be done by free shuttle bus services .
in the exercise for knees and buttocks keep the right leg on the left thigh by folding it , hold the right toe with the left hand and keep the right hand on the right knee .
according to them this temple was built in 1018 - 1054 a . . by king bhoja .
if mother , sister etc . in the family have fibroid tumor then the possibility of the occurrence of this increases .
the consumption of green leafy vegetables , sprouted lentil - gram , fruits , milk , juice etc is beneficial .
that is why kerala is called god &apos; s own country .
both the body and the mind remains healthy by exercise .
tricks of trained elephants can be seen in ` pattaya elephant village &apos; .
chamomile , rose , lemon , cinnamon , peppermint , keep the liver right and are also beneficial in glandular fever .
it has become known from surveys that more than half men and two - third women in our country are afflicted with anemia because of deficiency of iron .
the temple of lord ishan is near the mound of stones behind the temple .
sarsam dambi raktaj or pittaj is of two kinds .
innumerous faithfuls from within the country and outside come vailankanni church .
safe and proper medicine is available .
swelling of heart -lrb- myocarditis -rrb- disease occurs with rheumatic fever and pericarditis .
rudrakunda is located in southern part of the brahmakunda .
people are rowdy in behavior .
whether its an elephant ride or a camel ride .
glycerine - medicine of glycerine is prepared only in the blue color by sun-charge .
demand of vitamin-a during and after measles .
if feet will be warm then blood circulation will remain constant in them .
this fact has come forward from regular sonography .
tourism is a good means of cherishing memories .
in the older times people used to make forecasts of the fruit on the basis of dreams .
we get such natural things from it which increases the beauty of our skin and hair as well as eliminates their diseases .
it is the symbol of tribal flag .
on saying &apos; arsenic &apos; there is an implication of &apos; arsenic album &apos; .
jain scholars say that the tenth tirthankara shitalnath ji and mahapurana writer acharya jinsen made their spiritual-practice sites on the kolhua hilltop .
do not let lack of water happen in summer .
famous for its traditional , ancient civilization , green dense jungles , wavy rivers , mountains , waterfalls , lakes , valleys , ponds , high-rise buildings , large industries , eminent educational institutions ranchi had also achieved the honor of being the summer capital of bihar .
then body wrap is exactly that medium which you are looking for .
yes , if the water is cold , then you can also wear body suit .
kaningham has recognized kukkut - pad hill described by this chinese traveller as the ruins of kurkihar , where according to buddhist sagas , some miracles of mahakashyap had happened .
many a times their rafts upturns .
picturesque lakes , forest - park , archaeological property , direct replication of primitive life , house of arts , varying wild animals , religious place attracts tourists .
the sea wall saves st . angelo fort from the beatings of the waves .
a melodious voice started echoing in ears , ahlan wa sahlan , alan wa salan that is welcome welcome .
rajmahal district has the distinction of being the capital of bengal from1592 to 1602 and 1639 -1660 .
muscles stiffen in less temperature and possibility of getting hurt is more .
today jugna has become an impressive part of development of tourism and shooting of films .
peerumala is 75 k . . away from kottayam railway station .
both are dangerous .
ambra grisea . . : one feels itching in genitals along with inside rectum .
the word ` naagin &apos; is a referent to female snake who is even more poisonous than her male .
his childhood was spent in the lap of nature .
oval dome like this temple is called gurudwara .
these are those points of australia that bedazzles every indian .
therefore eyes should get the opportunity to look around .
after that comes chaudas .
bilveshwar mahadev in pitthauragadh &apos; s vishaad village and in nakuleshwar also idols of anantshayi vishnu have been prayed .
dal lake is second biggest lake of jammu and kashmir .
whenever there is decrease or increase in the pumping capacity of heart , there is a defect in valve of the heart , blockage in the main arteries emerging from the heart or vessels have contracted in the whole artery system and blood circulation is abnormal , then blood pressure starts mounting up .
the bandipur national park and mathunga national park also fall on the way to wayanda .
this is the indian middle class .
because of monsoon depression lack of confidence is felt .
by yogic exercise this disease can be overcome surely .
he told that there are plans to develop some big cities of state on the lines of cities of singapore .
a healthy woman , consisting of self confidence only can give a better future to the society .
in walnut omega . fatty acid is present in the largest amount than other kinds of kernels .
on advancing a little ahead from kotulpur we enter the boundary of our destination kotulpur .
by looking at the ` grand place ` you can easily estimate the grandeur and magnificence of old europe .
in myasthenia gravis disease the fatigue becomes so high that the breathing stops and even the death of the patient occurs .
each treatment centres has been provided with a two-wheeler by the government of india .
under the excavation that took place in govinhas last few years , dr. dharamvir sharma finds copper humanities near madarpur village of thakurdwara after harappan period .
water is helpful in reducing high blood pressure and it combines with blood to improve the blood flow process .
as compared to the valley the amount of snow here is less - almost equal to no .
the phenomenon of the rise of sea water is called high tide .
with basil increase in memory is also there .
although all the festivals in mumbai are celebrated with great fanfare in mumbai but the festival of ganesh chaturthi is celebrated with special fanfare .
there are 100 calories in one medium size cookie and no one can restrict after just eating its one piece .
besides other hindu temples in kolhapur the jain temple , jain monastery , shankaracharya monastery , bubujamal shrine are also worth a visit .
isabgol is a soluble fiber , which is also considered beneficial in removing diarrhoea and constipation .
the kokarnag place near achbal is popular for minerals , gardens , fishing .
amarkantak is located between 20 &apos; 40 &apos; northern latitude and 80 &apos; 45 &apos; eastern longitude .
lavender , geranium and wlang - wlang are sebum balancing oils .
in this act the tourists sitting on a &apos; raft &apos; proceed forward with the speedy flow of the river .
besides this the zoo , rumi darwaja , clock tower , kukarail , martyr memorial and botanical garden etc . are also worth visit .
the idol of adamkad bajrangbali and gauri temple and gaurikund temple are also worth seeing .
among the various types of birds found in simlipal national park are dhanesh , peacock and wild cock .
after bringing it in use once woman suffering from s . . . gets a long relief .
rich with faith , education and culture in allahabad every year magha fair is organized .
this facility should start in all government hospitals because an expenditure of just till three thousand more occurs in it .
here animals like nilgiri long tailed monkey , short tailed monkey , leopard , tiger etc . are also found .
the buses of state transport corporation district are available regularly from pune - mumbai .
honi devi and gangadhareshwar cave temple on shivganga top is also worth a visit .
along with this medicinal property it also gives calmness and smoothness to the skin .
garlic being antiseptic and because of being acrid destroys germs .
in vegetarian food all types of meat and fish should also be counted .
the black rhinoceros weighing two tonnes gets violent any moment and does not even hesitate to attack the vehicles and harm them .
during these days we want to sit in the sun and take pleasure of hot water for bathing and washing hair .
result is that life of women is now under their control .
its deficiency lead to tetanus , calcium deficiency and increase in phosphorous .
there are plenty of leopards in manas national park .
making decoction of harad and dry ginger , by giving to drink mixing asafoetida and rock salt in it there is reduction in pain .
in the temple state of vivekanand ji has been installed .
the business of cement and salt is in jamnagar as well .
fountains are run here on the occasion of brij festival .
symptom . the pipe that is going from throat to stomach , through which food and water reaches inside stomach , is called food - pipe or oesophagus .
there is also prevention of breast tumor , ectopic pregnancy and rheumatoid arthritis .
surrounded with dates and palm trees the kovalam beach really seem to be the most beautiful beach of the country .
for summer season cotton , lenin and silk clothes are better from every perspective .
various kinds of vitamins and minerals are found in carrot .
at about a distance of 3 k . . form this place there is an ashoka pillar at the western bank of a small river called turkaha .
so scalp may lose the capacity to hold moisture .
in scorching heat when the head starts aching then half glass juice should be consumed after mixing in water .
tug-of-war competition is held particularly for the mutual relationship of the tourists .
in the second stage the tumor grows to two to five centimetres big .
seeing the increasing attraction of foreign tourists , facilities of the international level was gathered nearby kovalam in the decade of 1970 .
sometimes lumps of weak patient stop anus .
with this a stop has occurred to those doubts in which it was being apprehended that a fall is going to take place in the number of migratory birds .
the main gate of the fort is called ganesha pole .
yes care of eyes is equally important as that of other body parts .
people who live in the sea for long like boatsmen , etc get scurvy meaning kapha raktaj disease , on this occurrence there is benefit from giving salam mishri powder to eat with milk or buttermilk .
in the darkness of the night in this peaceful island only squeals of the waves are heard .
in cancer maximum people break down mentally and financially .
assam is called the gateway to the north-east .
mix a spoon of honey in half teaspoon of basil and half teaspoon of ginger .
ordinarily the pulse rate of a certain person should be 70 - 72 times a minutes .
there are shops on both the sides of khadi bazar .
all the buses going to badrinath pass through heling .
taking a small piece of mulethi root make a smear application mixing milk and a pinch of saffron in it .
bhilwara mahotsav has really become a memorable function .
in the suggested dose with daily food 30 mg of coenzyme q - 10 specially , is important for heart patients .
feels like lying down on back shrinking legs .
after this washing face with cold water apply properly on face mixing coconut oil in lemon juice .
an unknown moat of the red fort has also been given special attention , with which is related a small but inspiration part of the history of our freedom fight .
standing on their front feet these animals basking in the sun looked like as if they were greeting sun .
under deepotsav the view of deepdan done in the nehru talai here is spectacular .
there are also several adventure destinations for foreign tourists .
for taking young children or luggage a supporter is also available .
... enjoy your tour .
to reach to such depth modern lifts have been used and you can go there fearlessly .
in rivaalsar devotees form korea , japan , mongolia , sikkim , arunachal pradesh , tibet and ladakh also come .
kumharar - this is located on the kankarbag road 5 kms away from the patna junction .
there are two such religious places in indore where the worship of lord ganesha is done with magnificence .
if you take 7 . hours sleep everyday then circles under eyes are not formed .
in the end by holding the claw with both the hands touch the ground with the knee and bring up .
peptic ulcer develops because of helicobacter pailori bacterium .
for almora buses and taxis are found from kathgodam .
do not forget to keep a small pouch to keep money and cards .
yes , in approximately ten percent cases small complications after surgery are certainly got to be seen .
then umbrella might also be needed .
tomato is enumerated in fruit that is digestive and prevents diseases .
leaving the natural life of the villages man created big cities and with it gave rise to various diseases .
adolescents and children do not consume enough water at all they usually consume other drinks cold drinks instead of water .
in amenorrhoea one feels very sleepy .
the labourer is physially tired , intellctuals are tired in mental way .
putting the palm of the right hand on the head at the top of the ear of the right side press the head with the hand and put pressure towards the hand from the head .
so the guarnatee of the color and oneness of the products in every batch can not be given .
it is a common belief that more men are victims of sexual dysfunction .
khuruj al makassed occurs more in children .
in order to stop population growth immediately very solid steps have to be take .
such habits related to diet put a stop on the lack of vitamin a .
people coming first , second and third are also given prizes .
patient of binge eating knows about his her disease . but is unable to control against his wishes .
the tower of bundi reminds of the sacrifice of the hada queen of taragarh .
the infection is received by man due to his activities from outside .
do not be careless in case of continuous cold .
upon enquiry we found that a lion had come there .
if you are healthy and take in a healthy diet only then you can be a beneficiary of these supplements .
of the three major iron mines of bhutan one was in barsong with the help of which bridges were made in eastern bhutan with chains of iron and relationships were formed in divided communities .
in the first division are iskcon temples which were made for a special group .
strength and excitement begins to flow through the cells of the body by taking bath .
although the situation in the last two months of the year was ok but the growth of industry was equivalent to zero for rest of the month .
in the inquiry relating to this the himachal government has done work in a very united way on the typical information , management , development and technological basis which is being thought very praiseworthy .
travellers who come to the valley of flowers definitely go to devote respectful offering on the grave of margaret .
main works being run under the program are as follows .
gurso bugyaal : it is 3 kilometres from auli .
each mother should be educated to identify the symptoms of danger in her child so that she can immediately take her child to the doctor if needed .
the national maternity benefit scheme is being implemented by the health department in the state of uttarakhand .
this fruit consisting of iron , arsenic and phosphorus is also very much beneficial in the weakness of the body .
it rains throughout the year in the south forest island national park but the time from may to november is that of the rainy season .
in this very small time this disease has developed in the form of the most serious health problem of the country .
for a healthy man whose stool has come into the rectum and one needs to use enema only to expel stool .
around 50 feet long and 16 feet high hall of the imambara stands without the support of any pillar .
every tourist coming to amritsar goes to see the golden temple first .
cryoprecipitate &apos; is especially given to a patient of &apos; haemophilia &apos; or for some other patient of the disease of excessive bleeding .
environmental reasons also become a cause for obesity .
cold vaginal irrigation is appropriate for muscular weakness and unnatural heat of body .
rooms can be gotten easily in madh or gorai .
nanda said that under the package couples would be given facilities under the modified american plan .
by the technique named dexa status of fracture in bone at present is found out .
there are more than 40 ashramas in amarkantak .
languages spoken in gujarat are - -lrb- main language gujarati -rrb- sindhi , hindi , urdu , marathi .
raw birth rate of this state in the period of 1951-1956 was 48 which decreased to become 35 in the period of 1976-1981 and during the years of 1994-2001 this rate lowered more and stayed at 26 only .
after that the patient of cataract are operated by eye-surgeon in well maintained hospitals .
sandalwood , wlang - wlang , rose , basil , bergamot , chamomile , orange , neroli , jasmine , geranium , lavender destroy psychological depression and keep the subconscious exuberant .
winters very cold and summers pleasing .
we have to stay for many days at gyanima .
it has been found from researches going on for more than a decade that on including walnut in regular diet flexibility in blood vessels increases and chance of formation of clot becomes weak .
temples , mosques , gurudwaras and churches are present in nahan full of nature , art , culture , literature , religious amicability , easiness and satisfaction .
this is the second mountaineering institute of the country which trains innumerable people from within the country and abroad .
southern kannada , is situated quite close to the summer sand beach resort temple .
situated only 10 kilometres away from hampi there are many cheap hotels in hospet .
there is first aid facility in each camp site .
exercise : to keep the body fit and fine sugar should be used as less as possible and diabetes should be kept in control .
makrasana is an asana of rest .
therefore , one should not try to avoid morning breakfast .
the airport of bhopal from van vihar national park is 12 kilometres away and the bhopal railway station 7 kilometres away .
chandra river has emerged from this .
taking one and half tola each of rogan banfasha and rogan kaddu , on warming mix 1 tola wax in it .
in 1683 this museum was opened for common citizens .
in the conditions of discharge of foul smelling pus along with pain and swelling in the back portions of the ear specially in case of mercurous disorder use of ` nitric acid &apos; proves to be beneficial .
if conception does not take place then a new menstrual cycle starts .
patient pants badly .
besides this drama , processions , puppet show , fireworks etc . also take place here .
all agricultural products produced in the state are biological .
if you need you can also find internet and cell phone facility .
keep one and a half tola powder added to water everyday .
to prevent these problems it is important that they drink as much water as possible .
there on the mall road many horse guys stand with there horses on a side in a line , who take the tourists for joyrides for one - two kilometers .
you should also include bottle gourd , cucumber , gherkin , tomatoes , indian gooseberry , green leafy vegetables in your diet .
whenever one gets up after the asanas done in lying position , one should always get up by bending a little towards the left side .
from excavations nalanda university stupas , large stairs , lecture halls , dormitories , meditation centres and wells have come to light .
weakness of heart and lungs , pain and psychological weakness , delusion , lack of memory , sleeplessness , chronic , raktpitta , cough , respiration , dysentery , bleeding , white discharge , anemia and weakness after disease recovery in old age gets removed by its consumption .
on this sever working member of several forest department of btc , khampa gyari has been making special effort .
nowadays &apos; gadhwal rifles &apos; is stationed in this area .
gangotri is located at a height of 3200 metres above the sea level .
the other attraction for foreign tourists are our spectacular beaches spread over miles long coastlines .
even after having different types of treatment they get sadness alone .
in reality it is not water it is mirage .
these days in auli the preparation for winter saif games is at its peak .
the appearance of the problem of fear in the blood relatives of people suffering from this increases in comparison to general people .
urban r . . . project is to be done in the six metropolitans of the country .
situated at a distance of 250 kilometers from somalia and 340 kilometers from yemen this island is situated in indian ocean .
the view of chadwick waterfall is the greatest in the season of monsoons .
the cave raham was decorated with red hematite , which still exists .
use lotion only after taking advice from the specialist .
hereditary reason or family pattern is also responsible for hair growth .
in the method of utkatasana the claws of the legs should be placed on the ground and sit by putting the buttocks on the heels .
there is one more place whose name is century spa resort .
sunshine is disinfectent .
the area of lakshadweep is 32 square kilometres .
because the food is quickly digested by it and there is formation of pure blood .
this search was done on the basis of an invoice found at the places of two families of jaipur state .
tour no . .
gradually reduce the portion of your meal .
so aloe-6 medicine is excellent .
this ranvir canal emerges from the chenab river in akhnoor 32 kilometres away from jammu .
recently british airways has brought out a list of possible 10 hot destinations for the year 2010 , in which delhi is also included .
many foreign tourists come back again repeatedly and stay here for many years .
there is a group 124 temples built in a compound in jageshwar the construction of which was done in between 8th and 12th century by the katyuri rulers .
we arrived at sultanganj -lrb- bhagalpur -rrb- on 8th march .
in this the tubes which are between the testes and penis are severed .
the pimple of the ear even makes everyone restless .
the king and british ruler of india were all very keen to get ravivarma painted .
if this place got liked by hollywood star richard gere then there is no reason why you would not like it , and the rent is between 2,100 rupees to 3,100 rupees .
if you work sitting for long hours then twisting is beneficial .
70 passengers died in the bus accident of june 1998 .
on this path at 80 kilometres you will definitely like mudfort of kuchesar or the calm atmosphere of 110 kilometres far unchagaon fort .
if baby has genetic problem or if mother has some kind of difficulty from eating wrong medicine then it can be detected by various tests .
taking less cabohydrate i . . less fiber is harmful for the body .
washing eyes regularly is a good habit .
this force in future slowly begins to show its negative impact on the body and the person becomes affected with many diseases .
headache is indeed a very common problem .
a patient had to take water in the toilet itself out of fear of expulsion of water .
do not give cow milk , buffalo milk , goat milk by mixing with water to the new born baby .
by this method repeat this exercise by five-seven times .
another way , on frying 2 to 5 pods in pure ghee and cooling it chewing it or swallowing it with the ghee , use it everyday before meal in the morning or at night before sleeping .
if we connect these tubes which come out of the main arteries to the tube of the roller pump and switch on the motor then the blood will start flowing ahead .
urine comes out drop by drop and blood remains mixed in it .
on the road from shilasamudra to homkund there are only stones .
if there is pus then take int out with syringe and also give injection of penicillin or emetine .
the slogan given by netaji subhash chandra bose to his indian national army was dilli chalo .
about one fourth of the women give birth to the next child within 24 months .
we tell you about a tourist spot situated just near delhi .
lycopodium - 30 : give this medicine to that patient who does feel hunger but stomach bloats up on eating just a little .
different kinds of diseases occur because of looking towards the sun , the effect of the weakness acquired from different diseases , problems in food habits .
to boost tourism in rajasthan and with the purpose to develop the fundamental structure of tourism , rajasthan government had constituted rtdc in year 1979 .
water valcano , rain disco , flume ride , water scooter and white water ride are the special rides in water rides .
munnar , at a height of 1,500 metres above sea level , is the highest city of kerala .
total five ponds have been said to be in india . mansarovar of kailash mountain in north , pumpa sarovar in south , bindu sarovar of bhuvaneshwar in east , pushkarraj of rajasthan and this narayan sarovar in west is considered a pilgrimage .
approximately one k . . before the temple is the temple of bhure dev .
we descended 21 k . . by the support of thimpu chu .
like luisell ramos used to eat only a few leaves and drank coke .
standing edges on both the sides .
the lawalong sanctuary is located in south - west of chatra its location is in the west of babara in chatra -- chandawa road .
the benefit in this condition is this that on not taking the medicine by the patient or on forgetting to eat medicine the medicine continues to show its effect .
of all the cases of hernia related to stomach , approximately 10 to 30 % cases are those of umbilical hernia .
if trapped in the facilities of hotels and the circuit of casinos then you will remain unintroduced with the climate of macau .
it is used for sinusitis and skin related disorders .
if the tooth gets broken suddenly on getting hit then go to the doctor immediately .
on the other side our country has also made its identity as corporate tourism destination .
old beautiful havelis , palace , gardens , temples , mosques and several markets are worth visiting in vadodara .
concentration increases by doing yogasana with closed eyes , which removes mental stress and fickleness .
on the shivalinga a thin stream of water keeps flowing .
this is the reason that the popularity of this treatment is growing with speed .
no kind of infection occurs .
keep within the reach of the patient the things which come to use daily like spectacles , watch and denture .
take a drink with less alcohol .
show these to the doctor if these symptoms stay for two weeks .
they began thinking as to what should be done for the peace of the innumerable relatives , colleagues and innocent people killed in the war .
yellow fever disease spreads in different ways in the rural and jungle areas and in the urban areas .
this is only called penguin parade .
silent valley national park 40 kilometres away from kalapatthi is worth visiting .
because they have seen big rivers in the plains .
furniture , silver ware , jewelery and gift items of thailand are very famous .
this way they are given knowledge of the various dishes and popular costumes in the heritage tourism .
the medicines according to various symptoms for patient of t . . of intestines are as follows .
water remains blocked automatically by it .
malaria spreads from mosquito named female anopheles .
no one was allowed to enter the park without identity card .
marks appear on the skin because of excessive stretching .
close to which is dron saagar .
food taken at wrong time produces illness by causing indigestion .
this imagination is with that feeling connected with a stress free or relaxation state when a person experiences lightness because of nervousness .
the nearest airport of pirotan island is at a distance of seven kilometers in jamnagar .
on the basis of life-energy there is no difference in the body of humans and animals .
the heart pumps nutrients and oxygen to the entire body .
making social environment better , encouraging participation and social relations among people in the society .
by this also the holes of the cell get blocked .
never drive yourself and go .
here is presented the first journey of andre which took place from agra and chhaprang via haridwar , srinagar , badrinaath and mana pass .
because of less absorption of iron in old age possibility of occurrence of anemia can increase .
the months from april to mid-june and september - october are appropriate for the tour of govind wildlife sanctuary .
for seeing here two big ancient and beautiful temples of the royal family are found to be seen .
all the benefits of uttanapadasana are also there in ardh-halasana .
first of all dad took a room in a hotel .
imphal is connected with guwahati through national highway 39 and with silchar through national highway 53 .
deeg is 55 km from agra and 36 km from mathura , that is why many of the tourists combine the visit to deeg with agra and mathura .
complete miniature painting range of the tale of nal - damayanti can be seen in the amar palace museum .
macau has become a part of china , but in the mainly and the citizens of china have not yet got the independence to come to china .
however , several undiscoverd pyramids have been found here in recent years .
lazer has been used since last 10 years or even more to pour a new life in the skin .
this mid asian wanderer meal of rotis which has developed in the form of various types of tasty preparation by the use of local spices and vegetables which is popular in the form of mughlai .
fingers of hands stiffen and snap on bending .
as cancer can spread , it is necessary that the doctor should immediately find whether the tumor is formed and that it is cancer .
unbearable pain occurs in stomach before loose motions .
in fact the problem of increase of homocystin is found more in the age group of 20 - 30 years and is seen more in men .
but in the pavilions of neighbor countries like pakistan , thailand , sri lanka , afghanistan , bhutan you can also buy handicrafts and clothes .
despite this the reality is that the normal life that others are leading they happen to be miles away from them .
then while exhaling place the chin on the ground by bending forward .
cosmetologist rajan says some things need to be taken care of in the process of waxing .
there are blisters on the tongue .
in mysore zoo is a youth club where students regularly keep meeting with the employees of the zoo .
bundelkhand situated in jhansi is definitely immortal because of rani lakshmibai but the song and dance styles here , traditions and ancient forts all are captivating .
major thermal power project of rajasthan is kota thermal power project .
chamoli place of uttarakhand is a popular mountain place .
the ancient name of this city is bhrigukachha .
people in whom there is no internal desire to quit alcohol , their family members should certainly meet their closest psychiatrist once .
when the tumor is on the upper and outer surface of the breast and there is secretion from the breast then immediately contact the doctor in such situation .
drink maximum water everyday .
this disease is seen less also in women who use pills for family planning .
like every ancient city macau has its own advantages , which can be understood and felt by roaming in the city .
the disease which is produced due to excessive formation of acid is called acidity .
this went on for several weeks .
as a result of which pregnancy in a minor age and many other kinds of problems occur .
from chajpur to talra is called the mountain of moonlit night because in these when the rays of sun fall then a sight like that of moonlit night forms .
it is said that around five thousand years before bhrigy rishi made his ashram here , this is why this place came to be known as bhrigukachha .
the road becomes straight from kalkhad .
fair of ramdeo is held in the month of bhado at the place named ` pokharan ` of the jaisalmer district .
on reaching resort safari gypsy was waiting for us .
cdc has said that the death rate is considered to be 15 .
located on the jammu - sri nagar national highway the tourist place of jhajjar kotli is a good picnic spot for tourists l .
it is mostly seen happening in women on hormone getting imbalanced , before period , during pregnancy and during menopause .
trees of deorai are used to build equipments of agriculture and home .
the use of water is as much necessary in every phase of life as breathing .
one should not drink water an hour before and after meal .
the ecosystem here is based on the mangrove tree-group grown on the estuaries of the rivers .
the treatment of these is also less sugar and insulin .
in the other kind of pills there is only progesterone .
patient may also have fever .
gul muhammad presented his tourism theory starting the campaign named oyster opera .
he said that taking a dna test of an individual we can tell what he should do to keep his heart fit .
while bringing the idol the ministers rested in champakulam at night .
various types of enzymes affect the chemical activities of the medicines .
these waves keep silence till afternoon but after afternoon takes and aggressive form .
king wodeyar -lrb- 1578 - 1612 -rrb- expanded the state and made shrirangpattanam his capital .
there is control on gas formation in stomach .
due to the reason of it being minimal invasive surgery , the surgery of the patient is done by putting an incision of two to three mm only .
this technique can also be used in cinema halls .
its main cause is accumulation of melanin in skin cells in excess .
on occurrence of deficiency of vitamin &apos; b &apos; which is found in wheat , sorghum , pulses , maize , groundnut , milk , etc there can be swelling on gums and tooth - molar pain .
to prevent it one should start using winter body lotion as soon as the season changes .
cancer can be found out through other tests like x-ray . . . scan . . . . ultrasound also .
conception before three years is bad for the health of mother and child .
if you are less than 45 years and you smoke then you take the advice of your doctor regarding this as to when you should get your cholesterol test done .
the prayers of the devotees coming here are accepted by mother .
according to digestion by regularly taking it in amount of 40 - 50 grams with hot water complaints of headache , vertigo disappear .
as per the mood of the patient massage by tips of the hands on the palate of the head slowly with five-seven drops of the green oil of sun-charged mustard prepared by sun rays and chromotherapy .
villagers do not have any devotion towards this temple group .
nainitaal mountaineering club created history by crossing these trails pass -lrb- 5312 metres -rrb- in the years of its silver jubilee and the birth century year -lrb- 1994 -rrb- of george willaiam trail .
it is not right to eat all the objects at once .
some people used the foundation stones of temples in their homes and some for the boundaries of their farms .
on taking in the form of corn flake it is helpful in the stopping of heart disease .
facility of boating is also there in the complex .
gugamal national park is part of tropical climate .
other medicines - eskebyol -lrb- may - baker -rrb- , uniscab lotion or ointment derma sulph liquid and scabizine ointment -lrb- jhandu -rrb- , etc are useful .
the view of the whole of the kanchenjunga mountain range is unparalelled .
in its northern area in the bay of st . anne he arrived on 4th may 1494 for the first time .
srinagar is also the airport to reach this dachigam park .
even after that because of the continuing pulse polio program the number of new cases in 1999 came down to 1126 .
eat food chewing well and allow it to digest well .
