there is enough place in the temple for worshipping .
at a height of 1400 feet above the sea level 980 kms away from leh pangong lake of saline water is spread in the lap of laddakh mountain range .
the inflammation of pregnancy , syphillis , uterus cancer or tumor on the cervix , weakness etc are the main reasons of leucorrhoea .
the measure of urine increases a lot in this disease .
diabetes , thyroid problem , hormonal imbalance , hidden allergy all can be causes of weight gain hence get your check up done .
women used to apply henna on hands and feet on festivals , occasions , wedding ceremonies , etc and used to apply henna on feet which used to keep reminding of the auspicious time for many days .
after the food reaches into the stomach gastric juice is used for the fragmentation of the food .
kannur , the nearest railway station from payyambalam seacoast , is at a distance of 2 k . .
sun charged honey is very beneficial for asthma patient .
come let &apos; s see what other benefits are there from henna from which our hair may remain pretty and healthy .
at the same time these whales go towards maldives in the west .
symptoms of extremely serious pneumonia .
due to the minaret being quite high it is also called sarnamuli or the stair of heaven .
eat half chicken salad sandwich instead of eating full , eat two cups of raw vegetables with it or you can put only one slice instead of two in the sandwich and that also brown bread .
there are 2 houses and the temple of vridhbadri in painimath .
after that they take the blessings of the elders and then go everybody &apos; s homes to meet their relatives and give congratulations for the new year and sweeten each other &apos; s mouth with sweets .
there is a lot of different types of fish in the river .
kunnur is located at the lower ridge at a height of 1839 metres at a distance of 19 kms from ooty .
my heart got ready instantly and i even began practical preperations .
like a bird taking a flight in sky an ariel view of kathmandu can be seen in it in the background of himalayan mountains .
the cave temple , golden rock , rock port , museum , sriranganath temple , jambukeshwar temple of tiruchirapalli inadvertently attract tourists towards themselves .
the garden around bibi &apos; s tomb is extremely charming .
the distance of gulmarg from srinagar is 56 kilometers .
bhavan pokhar - it is believed that the statues located here are of middle age .
the toy train from kalka to shimla is considered as the most beautiful rail line in india .
on getting a heart attack an acute pain starts in the very center of the chest which starting from the chest takes into its grip , arm , shoulder , neck and jaws .
also try drinking one cocnut .
the thrill of a wildlife safari is different only , but before going to any such park there is often this confusion that what should be taken along .
every person in nepal has a desire that waking everyday morning he must definitely first see pashupatinath .
in the clean water of the sea , groups of colorful sea lily and sea pen enchanted us .
cancer of gall bladder , on increasing , spreads even to the lymph node of stomach then this is also not possible that it be cut and removed from body via surgery .
this assembly house of lakshmi nivas comes to use only on formal occasions .
along with this there are tombs and holy spots of many saints .
this way it is necessary to pay special attention to the cleanliness of the patient .
if asthma patient sniffs at this sun charged honey for some time continuously the his her irregular breath can slowly normalise .
clean and beautiful personality and place feels good to everyone .
the shiva temple in barhait , binduvasini temple near barharwa railway station , shukravasini temple in mirzapur village , besides a holy place the raksisthan of tribes and people of the other class are in the sahibganj .
in comparison to non-smokers , smokers are inflicted witj c . . from three to five percent .
forbidden city . huge grand &apos; varjit town &apos; is in front of thiananmon chowk .
this place can be reached by nilgiri mountain railway and nilgiri ghat road .
before delivery at least three tests are extremely important before delivery .
this place was not famous only in the form of rich rice farming but also famous for gold , silver , bronze , iron , mica &apos; s alloy &apos; tivoi &apos; .
this mountain of the height of approximately 13 , 000 feet is anyway famous for its natural beauty alongside there is a heaven of flowered trees , medicinal herbs and fragrant plants .
pictures of the old kings of jodhpur are put up in the memorial .
it will be better if you iron the cloth nappy of the child after washing it .
baheli jaspur wilderness -lrb- uttaranchal -rrb- . this natural forest area is known for its lonely and singing birds .
omega-3 fat found in fish decreases the danger of glaucoma and weak eyes in old age .
the seeds of fenugreek are also very effective in diabetes .
the way diet is necessary to carry this body , similarly there is extreme necessity of asana-pranayama , exercise etc .
the symptoms of this disease are decrease in body fat , formation of wrinkles in skin , reduction of hair .
the reason for it is that where one gets some relief from pain in other methods there itself a mother stays 100 percent free from pain even in consciousness .
definitely get tested each tumor appearing on the skin .
although the shores of goa can prove dangerous in the monsoon weather yet you can fully enjoy rains in goa .
saying this will not be exaggeration if we call this palace the taj mahal of himachal .
identify that and use the same to remember .
people come to bhuvaneshwari temple with feeling of devotion and obtain their desires .
by doing this the inflammable substance present in the water may come into your eyes .
generally people eat anything that comes in front .
and in such situation he becomes depressed towards keeping himself fit or to reduce obesity .
it is said that when shah jahan was coming from lahore to delhi , then he had stayed with his army in kurukshetra .
herpes goes away by applying mint and lemon mixed .
those who have lost their life partner in the run of their life for them there is no better way to escape loneliness and grief .
chamraj sagar is a good place for picnic .
some therapeutic qualities of mulethi various methods of using this herbal root are as follows .
efficiency of pupil of eye and tear glands can end by autonomic neuropathy .
hence diabetes patients should keep doing their regular check-up so that preliminary diagnosis of the diabetes generated kidney disease is possible and through relative treatment the disease is stopped from advancing .
this test is done immediately before and after exercise .
give complete rest to the patient and keep her comfortably lying down on the bed .
comprehensive view of the two valleys located in front of each other can be taken from phagu situated at a distance of 2510 metres .
there are more than 600 temples under devsthan , of which around 100 temples are such , which have importance for tourists as well .
if the results are not obtained in 3 months then first take lycopodium in 1m power and after 15 days take acid phos in the same power .
a huge party of national - international media is immersed in capturing in cameras this miraculous sight of the bath .
there are many industries established in bilaspur .
there you are , dial has started .
some patients suffer from the disorders of creatures like worms .
in order to be free from the fears the mind keeps putting it in unconscious mind so that it can feel relaxed after forgetting the worries .
even though if some things are kept in mind then one can prevent tension arising during this time .
the lower chakuti is spread with tin or copperplate .
the local people know kibbar -lrb- khibbar -rrb- village by the name of khipur also .
while coming back place the legs slowly on the ground , not with a jerk .
annual skiing competition also allures people .
in the second condition by lying on the left side the right leg should be folded from the knee .
the red oil of sesame prepared in sun-charged red bottle by sun rays and chromotherapy is extra beneficial for this activity .
one other type of stone is also formed which forms because of dirt formation in kidney which is called staghorn stone .
complete family can roam together around sweden till its ends and can take pleasure in all kinds of joys - it might be castle , summer or water resort , theme park , zoo or other outdoor activities like skiing , cycling , berry -lrb- all kinds of berries -rrb- picking , swimming , horse riding , canoeing or the rest .
stomach feels sort of bloated .
wash eyes with water properly .
the patient with this disease faces extreme pain .
turmeric is very useful for bringing a glow to skin .
one drop of its original form 1 to 10 drops as per the necessity .
our last destination was watching the edakkal caves .
discussion of such peculiar parts that give a different face to earth .
on occurrence of blood deficiency heart is unable to work with full vigor due to low blood pressure .
these disorders actually manifest when there are disorders in the spleen pancreas , lungs and liver gall bladder .
then it is called nagakaun .
the shape of this ancient city settled near the indus river has now become modern .
in this time of recession new packages for two royal trains of rajasthan are being sought and it is possible that in the next tourist season some celebrity like liz hurley or arun nayar will be seen getting married on palace on wheels .
in this bunches of many flowers have been seen in the months of august september .
the same happens when the criminals are hanged .
idols are placed in front of the entry gate .
the bridge in bhaldiana having drowned in the lake ferry boats have been installed for commuting in the pratap nagar region .
the culture and handicraft here is also unique ... and the dance here - bihu .
countless number of pigeons keep on sitting in the huge courtyard infront of st . mark church on piazza san marco .
in this temple of nirandhaar style the established idol of chitragupt is broken now .
its booking can also be done from the office of the haryana tourism or website .
hysterectomy : if the age is not less , the tumor is very big and there is no need of having more children then the entire uterus is removed together with the tumor .
the meaning of ` jabal &apos; in arabic language is mountain .
often even after disappearance of all signs of shingles condition of disease remains sustained .
along with this many disorders like fasadu -lrb- decrease in appetite -rrb- , nafkhul meda -lrb- afara -rrb- , vajul fuvad -lrb- burning in liver -rrb- and vajul meda -lrb- stomach ache -rrb- surround you .
in this open field in ancient times itself the large fairs here used to be held .
because of desolate roads , it is extremely necessary to take food items , medicines etc . along .
do not copulate with the sexual partners who have papules , reddening , wound or inflammation in their reproductive organs .
pomegranate has three times more antioxidant than red wine and green tea .
stairs have been built on the sides of the hazaribagh lake for the tourists to sit on .
tattekkad comes under the devikulam tehsil of idukki district .
one line has also gone to ujjain from the mau station of the above mentioned line .
accordingly those who get restless by experiencing even a small pain in extreme form , caphia cures only those patients no matter where the pain is .
patchouli - use of this medicine is extremely beneficial in treatment of condition of paranoia , impotence , dermatitis , yeast in feet , fungal infection , cracking of skin and allergies .
now this decision had to be taken that how to reach there .
if you have little - bit of common sense , and little - bit of perseverance then you do not know how much happy you can make yourself on this planet .
senchal lake is at a distance of 10 kms .
jageshwar is 65 k . . away from binsar .
the first gate of satpura national park comes on the pachmarhi road .
hence there is no exaggeration of this condition that our heart is greater and more efficient than any human made instrument .
these days the great sage tulsidas was also busy in prayer in ayodhya .
when gonorrhoea disease becomes old it is called gleet .
in men too it happens more to old men .
trouble in urinating .
some people get an allergy from wearing clothes made of synthetic thread .
of them pang reservoir , gobind sagar reservoir , renuka lake , and an area named &apos; balla &apos; in hamirpur district are main .
you should also mix coriander and ginger in a little amount .
because of these wounds and injuries a specific kind of fluid gets stored in the arteries .
during swelling by applying liquorice root warming it after grinding it in water swelling goes away .
across these mountainous dense forests you get to see snow-laden and expansive mountain peaks .
give the skin of 1 yellow haritaki in water to the patient of jaundice .
7 kilometres above lower ghaghri is &apos; upper ghaghri &apos; which is popular as a picnic spot .
local farm items are used in this breakfast .
stanum-6 is the major medicine for prolapsus-vaginae .
in this impulses of heart are heard more towards the lower side than their natural place .
dieticians can also do a specialisation keeping in mind education , research , management and clinical community .
you can also do sugar monitoring -lrb- empty stomach . hours after lunch 2 hours after dinner . -rrb- .
in the sriranganath swami temple lord vishnu is worshipped in the form of ranganath .
according to your comfort , neither do you get the chance nor do you look for the chance to listen to music of your liking .
cultivate the habit of reading something or the other all the time to stay away from anxiety , distress , stress and fear .
there are many ways for this .
calm , idle and surrounded by forests this lake is a charming picnic spot .
the museum is at a distance of 67 kilometres from shimla .
for going to this park the season of winters is the best .
the priest of the temple bathes the statue of the mother which is known with the name of snana yatra .
you will get to see the splendor of catholic , keralaite , gothic and islamic architecture in this temple .
do not make the child wear another diaper till her skin is completely dry .
the feeling of suspicion has two forms in which one is false suspicion and the other is true suspicion .
one has to climb six thousand foot to pay a visit to vaishno devi , which in the form of mountaineous path is around 14 kms .
a famous kabha village will fall on your way .
this fatty acid is necessary for nervous system and brain of children .
the jauhar - lake is near the manmandir palace where queens became sati after the defeat of husbands in war according to the rajput tradition .
more than the relation which tiredness has with body , more than that it is related to your psychological state .
one third to half cup to children from 4 to 6 years .
every time before applying shampoo massage hair with it .
acquired vaginal hydrocele - this disease is caused by chronic inflammation of the large testicle .
when neelkurinji blooms it seems as if the hills are drowned in blue color .
have a balanced diet for a happy old age .
this swelling is yellow .
meaning of rest here is not using eyes .
till the morning fog disappears kanha bathed in the soft light soaks the city concerns of the people sitting in the jeeps .
include fruits and vegetables in your diet .
going to the parlors is not harmful if caution is maintained , such a parlor should be selected which is clean and lighted .
the biggest quality of the green color is that it helps in flushing out the filth of the body .
in stone a sudden pain occurs in the lower part of the back or abdomen which goes up to the joint of the abdomen and thighs .
you will get time to recover from it and your energy will also be boosted .
are reached in a valley beneath .
the snow is calling .
with the beginning of the winter diversity begins to come in the vegetables .
trosing in the east , chirang and dagna in the south , punakha in the north and thimpu , paro and ha jongkhal fall in the west .
it gives agility , skin remains healthy and germs would not be able to enter into the body through the skin-way .
the temple committee has constructed tracker hostel near the temple with the help of tourism department .
it is also called suicide point .
when the damage occurred in the cochlea it does not get corrected through treatment and surgery then there is no other way leaft apart from wearing the hearing aid .
the mountain ranges of himalayas are unparalleled which can be praised appropriately only after being seen through one &apos; s eyes .
extemeley pleasant journey in which you will reach this place through the gardens of tea , cloves , rubber and cashew nut and jungles of bamboo and teak and streams .
the small beautiful temple is today in dilapidated conditions , which the muslims consider as pilgrimage .
when in midway these engines stop near a tank to take water , then this scene too is worth watching .
the author has given appropriate place in the book to the addresses of hotels of major cities , railways , air craft , addresses of road transport and also important announcements like telephone .
eat only on understanding the hunger signal of your body .
come , lets tell you about many &apos; joyrides &apos; today , which you can enjoy in different tourist places .
the bugle playing of 12 noon is a tribute to that martyr guard .
in these days we get help in fighting the diseases from juicy fruits and green vegetables in which there is sufficient amount of vitamin . and which have beta carotene and other antioxidants .
this is our routine care .
now 5 . saints reside in the temple permanently .
the diabetes patient doing ordinary work need about 1500 to 2000 calories in a day .
around twenty five hundred years before trade with greek community used to take place through this port only .
if parents are allergic then the chances of children being allergic are more .
in the madhumalai wildlife museum the shelter of the avians , the land animals and the avian animals the wildlife lovers can see all of these creatures .
in the race for modernity the level of knowledge has come so low that people have made these products an inseparable part of their life .
therefore giving that category of blood which is according to the patient and is behavioural is beneficial .
oxygen remains very helpful for us in this job .
the distance of craignano from shimla is 16 kms .
at the time of the severity of the disease , on getting the fever take treatment from the nearby government hospital primary health center .
love for nature in milgris fernandez and his wife amishiena inspired them to build pascal spice farm .
one gets extremely benefitted by its consumption in renal inactivity .
it has been seen that individuals hurt in big road accidents die even before reaching the hospital .
in this wildlife sanctuary of itanagar , tourists get to see herds of elephants .
doctors told her that it is an unnameable and incurable disease and it can not be treated .
much sour and sweet harm the teeth .
adinath temple is dedicated to tirthankar adinath .
because blood comes out from cutting and tearing of skin from using these tools and if this happens with an hiv afflicted customer then his blood can easily spread hiv in other customers .
that is why it is living food .
on getting firstly see that how deep is the cut .
there is benefit by taking sun charged or orange colored candy three to four times a day in amount of three to four grams .
not being able to concentrate .
in metritis disease nux vomica-30 should be used thrice a day .
from there one has to walk on the right bank of alaknanda .
the appearance of this stadium more than 2 thousand years old has changed several times .
magnum . , 30 : pain remains in joints because of inflammation which increases at night time .
although there are several places for tour in kerala but wayanad is something different .
there is no direct relation of eating carrot with increase in the strength of the eyes as such .
copper . - immediately get it implanted if the abortion is of the first trimester , if there is no infection and there is no wound hurt in the reproductive system .
what more should people of health department do ?
other attractions of this hill are - fruits and flowers of 300 different species , tubers of 30 species , hundreds of the herb species , meat eater vegetations , birds of 150 different species etcetera .
gujarat is the birth place of the father of the nation mahatma gandhi and the iron man sardar patel and maharshi dayanand .
seeing bumthang valley means having seen its four valleys in which are conglomerated uma , tang , chokhor and chume .
many water sports and marine parks are in the city .
chachai and keoti waterfalls are situated on the banks of the bihad river .
pain in joints , increase in weight , slight fever , persistently phlegmatic throat , lessening appetite , bleeding from nose , etc . are its main source of identification .
no need to be scared of death .
the people of village mix jaggery in tobacco .
definitely apply oil in hair twice a week .
the aroma of rosemary , rose , sej , camoil , tulsi , marjoram and fennel balances the monthly secretion .
on the peak of a different hill is the lachung monastery .
seeing the birds flying in the sky it was appearing as if they were drawing different shapes .
here the ancient temple and palace are very charming , attractive and ancient whose form and splendor is to be seen to be believed .
this vaseline becomes soft like oil because of the afternoon heat .
a horrible odour begins to come in breathing .
laughter has an important role in keeping people stress free hence one should laugh at least for ten minutes daily .
in the innere ear place is decided for every frequency .
all modules are on wheels , which can be taken here and there easily .
during the reign of jahangir and shajahan agra city was surrounded by four walls which had sixteen entrances .
smoking is more dangerous for a patient of asthma . if someone smokes then prevent even being around him .
that blood travels in all the parts of the body and makes each corner diseased .
the lower valley of paro is sankri and shushk .
symptom . there can be many reasons for heart expanding .
we had come out .
ona white hill boiled water was emanating out from various places .
among these there also is a goldlike very shiny insect , which is an extremely rare species .
built in the rajasthani sculpture , the kelkar museum has cherished in its lap the remains of ten thousand years old histories .
give me information regarding that .
big families like musa , mampalli etcetera encouraged cricket .
newly developed damascus city has been beautifully adorned with greenery .
together with this ginger also has anti - inflammatory properties .
tubectomy can be done through various methods but the most popular methods are - minilap and surgery through endoscope .
in oudshoorn you will also watch dolphins dancing from close .
prithviraj chauhan memorial &apos; is on a small hill adjacent to taragarh hill .
the pillar of its verandah is built in the mixed form of rajasthani hilly style .
more than about 200 chantolian , devi nishan and thousands of children , old , women - men and daughters go to kailas -lrb- hemkunt 4200 m -rrb- to see of nanda .
mental peace and life generating power are needed to become a healer .
for shiva devotees the importance of palani andavar tirtha is as much as that of tirupati balaji tirtha for vishnu devotees .
the extent to which ultrasonography is useful in the test of foetus in the womb is not anywhere .
here many rare artefacts can be seen .
in the entire western himalayas the pastures of chanshal are world famous .
the patient should drink excess water and along with it by giving reiki for long time at the following centres of the body this disease is cured .
most of the people come to bath at the bank of the confluence of three rivers .
do not forget to take your favorite joyride whenever you visit tourist places .
spread in a nearly 26 square kilometres area hampi is situated on the banks of the river tungabhadra .
ligirda : it is in a swampy area three km from thalkobad .
you can eat cornflakes or porridge in breakfast or getting chapatti made from whole wheat grain take dabbed with a little ghee or butter .
this situation of happiness is called &apos; manic &apos; .
then abc used to have enough water but in the meanwhile due to climate change enough natural water was not available here even for cooking food .
one feels a sting and pain in the place of spleen and liver .
in these yellow colored liquid is filled later on they burst open .
divya sarvakalpa kvath - effect of consuming this kvath makes our liver strong .
in industrial sector haryana has made its place and today it is the most tractor producing state of the country .
built in the panchayat style the length of the laxman temple is 29 metres and the width 13 metres .
one more interesting thing is that the ability to commit mistakes is also in brain alone , not in computer .
due to this here maximum become victim of under nutrition .
decrease much fat .
in food protein , milk , fish , eggs , and cereals , various types of pulses , vegetables , peanuts and gram etc should be taken in sufficient quantity .
the natural beauty of dhuandhar is unique .
asafoetida . . : give this medicine to patient then if stomach has bloated due to gas and if you feel pressure of gas in the direction of chest .
the other eggs get squeezed on their own .
to reach here air-conditioned buses are found easily from all places .
keep on increasing the circumference in each stroke .
rani laxmibai , with just a sword in her hands , had taught the british a lesson and did not let them enter into the fort .
that day saw cave art of ingelaadi .
reduction in the ability to do fundamental things like bathing , wearing clothes , eating etc .
therefore those works which needs more mental exercise to get completed , do them in the morning and keep the lighter works for the evening .
the government in america &apos; s vyoming territory named a special place as yellowstone national park in 1872 .
have you ever seen the world inside a submarine ship .
henna is a good conditioner for hair which keeps hair shiny and soft .
if pregnancy is due to rape .
this is protected from attacks of the heavy monsoons by the dodda vetta ranges .
dilwada temple : this temple group of jains made of white marble stone between 11th and 13th century is the main attraction of mount abu .
the horn , which is not a horn but actually a hard bunch of hair , is useful in medicine in the opinion of africans .
definitely do regular exercise .
in what stage of pregnancy the medicine is used .
the natural sharcara present in the milk is called lactose .
in them sights of medieval times are seen .
the shivgadi place is located 8 km north of barhait in the rajmahal subdivision and is surrounded by hills on three sides .
meaning you reduce 250 calorie through diet and rest 250 by doing exercise .
the nearby area of khajuraho was called vatsa in the ancient period .
verkamp store is doing service of tourists even after a hundred years .
behind the temple of mahakali many jain temples of digambar sect are also built .
you can also use 1 to 2 spoons meaning 10 to 20 grammes morning - evening with milk or like chutney with chapatti , etc .
according to a new research done in sweden , those men who are not able to express their anger in response to the wrong behavior against them in office , they have twice more chances of having heart attack .
sahastradhara is the nearest .
moreover due to tobacco , milk of breast feeding mother can also decrease .
hiccups signify the deficiency of water in the body .
this is an artistic job , because the surgeon also considers how would the &apos; new &apos; nose look in future .
pour three-four drops of the rosewater prepared by sun-charged green colored bottle at least four-five times in a day in the morning-evening .
but after knowing how cancer develops and how it sometimes disappears , it would definitely help the doctor to decide which tumor should be left like that and which should be treated .
it was not that there was less money with us , and for that reason we did not go up .
however aspirin is used in small quantity during the pregnancy to control the high blood pressure , adverse effects of the child etc .
do you know that if you reduce one pound weight of your body then its direct effect can be seen on your waist .
the entrance door of the main temple of the gompa -lrb- budhha temple -rrb- is very colorful and pictorial .
the forest wealth of taroba can be viewed also through the car jeep journey around the road above the lake .
for their convenience the english had joined shimla with the whole of the country through the railway line in 1903 itself .
in unani medicine it is addressed by various names in arabic keeping in mind state of asthma .
tie the leather straps properly or wear the shoes by means of velcro so that feet stay in a comfortable position .
yam dwiteey i . . bhaiya duj festival is celebrated in the rememberance of these bother-sister siblings only .
in the historical bhimkali temple both hindu and buddhist architectures are present and this a relgious place of both the hindu and the buddhism followers .
keep enquiring about the tuberculosis patients whether they went to the primary health center or district tuberculosis disease center for advice or not .
there are some special national parks here .
by the hand being in pensive stretching condition para sapthetic nerves are affected , which helps in leaving the body relaxed .
sour things are digestive .
because of which sort of cracks form on rectum .
to go by the roadways it can be reached easily from mahendranagar , sunauli in uttar pradesh , raxaul , jogbani in bihar and siliguri in bengal .
consumption of boiled rice water without juice of lemon and salt less or mustard seed in vinegar is beneficial in burning in chest or stomach , gonorrhoea , chicken - pox , measles , urine infection .
the speciality of this city are the ancient buildings symbolic of victorian architecture and jarcanda tress on both sides of roads on which the stark purple colored flowers bloom at its best .
there is a strong discussion going on about housing scheme in the country .
the place you are going to roam , definitely keep the road map , addresses of the hotel and dharamsalas related to that so that your journey is comfortable .
complete it .
the best alternative is youth hostel , where the expenditure of one night comes near of 14 dollars .
the nearest railway stations of nagapattinam are trichi , chennai and thanjavur .
lift your hands up .
chronic bronchitis recurs and gradually renders the lungs useless .
water retentive skin - for improving excessively open pores and skin lemongrass is helpful .
because of gas reaching the brain you start getting vertigo .
on looking here and there i came to know that a group of 8 - 10 cranes was playing in the shallow waters of river .
not only this , on keeping in the freezer also black spots appear on them .
after this with the help of the x-ray of oesophaus , abdomen and dudenum the correct situation of the ulcer is examined .
some main temples of mewar are being described thus .
patient starts feeling weakness and fatigue with just a little hard work .
the fort of golconda was the center of the qutb shahi sultans .
there is a place on the left bank of the bhagirathi one k . . away from gaurikund .
it is very easy to go to another island from the city and island .
now clean your feet with a dry towel .
cocum butter and honey wrap - this is beneficial for dry skin specially .
it is as if the heights get a break .
for complete protection woman should keep a vaginal tablet inside her vagina .
this year it did n &apos;t rain but first time saw tobacco farming .
several statues of archaeological importance and important remains of ancient nalanda university are conserved in the archaeological museum of nalanda .
the statue began saying that how in r . . . . young scientist has discovered the formula of polythene eating moss .
there will not be complete benefit on the use of less pills by pregnant woman .
lal quila is situated three kilometres away from the tajmahal .
there is a different kind of fun in going in the train enjoying the nature fully , this route is full of hills and valleys .
the main temple of mother goddess kauleshwari is of only six and a half feet length - width and four and a half feet height .
immediately on waking up early in the morning one should drink three four glasses stale water which is kept in copper vessel .
about 2 . lakh hectares of land gets irrigated from water of panchet dam .
the thakurs here are dedicated for their prayer practices country love and the safety of forest wildernesses .
it is a very common disorder .
al fateh mosque &apos; is the biggest mosque of the gulfs .
the koirang city nearest to keibul lagjao national park is 10 kilometres away from here .
you can use waxing , hair removal cream or epilator for this .
by smoking cigarette the arteries bringing oxygen to the brain start shrinking with which the brain starts weakening .
puri &apos; is a center of pure hindu pilgrim respect and belief .
you must have camel ride here , it has its own fun .
your vehicle will reach garudtal through long-narrow road .
immerse the hands in the lukewarm water with salt for some time once in a week .
if you are fond of enjoying holidays in a carefree manner , then st . barthelemy in the french west indies of the caribbean islands is a marvellous tourist destination for you .
contact eczema occurs when you come in contact with such substances that you have an allergy to .
many pigeon holes of huns - extremely trashy and worse than kuchha houses - were made here .
yumthang valley is also called the switzerland of the east .
jubbal is the heaven of tourists .
the bus accident of june 1998 had happened here .
initiation and spread of leprosy .
there is a system inside us that stops toxins from entering the blood circulation .
means if at night you are unable to enjoy this scene then do keep the next night in the form of an alternative .
leela temple was established by thakur dayanand dev in 1921 .
among the visiting places of pithoragarh is the hill located 7 kilometres away from chandak city at a height of 2 thousand metres .
you can reach dayara bugyal through raithal or barsu village from bhatwadi on the uttarkashi gangotri road .
while contracting our heart throws blood into the arteries and while expanding takes blood from lungs .
the hemoglobin level improves with its intake .
the most important matter - there are no side - effects of ayurvedic medicines .
during pregnancy do not smoke and do not drink alcohol .
so dust bacteria , mucous , whatever falls in the air passage moves towards the throat .
this view is undescribably so strange .
you can reach here by a ropeway , which is said as asia &apos; s most adventurous ropeway .
like anorexia treatment is done combining both counselling and medication .
these festivals are the major centres of attraction of tourists .
there are 18 holes in the golf course .
ginger tea gives relief in cough - cold .
in order to get rid of the dry and lifeless hair it is necessary that the moisture present in the hair should be preserved from time to time .
regarding this along with paying attention to the habits in females like alcohol intake , smoking this was also paid attention to whether they are taking harmone therapy or not .
due to which you intake a lot of calories .
if there is nothing then there is no road for the rest of canada .
this way as a result of physical and psychological stimulation , increase in hormonal flow is possible .
lakhota fort and kota burj situated in old jamnagar city are unique examples of ancient architectural art .
from eyes , ears to head , stomach and even kidneys can be examined by ultrasound .
there is no better deal than lancaster court hotel where of one night 35 pounds are needed .
nervous system , eyes , kidneys , bones , etc . also have not escaped this epidemic .
safe cure for wart or kinak is only that you should consult a therapist .
keeping both your thumbs in between the chin take it while massaging towards the outside to the end of the jaws .
the pregnant women are made to use hundred pills of iron and folic acid for safety and two hundred pills for the sake of treatment .
take hot gulps of by mixing sugar candy or honey .
lungs and breathing pipe cancer is found more due to smoking and pollution and the possibility of cancer of the mouth and stomach is more with gutkha , pan parag , tobacco and tobacco powder .
thus government officers keep fighting for power .
hair of eyebrows of patient of daul asad get destroyed .
keep your thought positive and active .
it is hoped that india will emerge as destination with diversity .
laekesis-30 medicine should be used thrice a day in case of menopause it is the main medicine of this disease .
there is a direct relation between tension and diseases .
through these medicines , injections even more dirt gets accumulated in the body .
by having plain milk without cream at night stomach becomes clean .
east india company had kept constant relation with thalassery since 1683 .
although the production of gas is common , but sometimes it produces restlessness and other conditions .
because of bipolar disorder some people get addicted to drugs and alcohol .
450 varieties of flowers are found in arunachal pradesh .
according to the census of the year 2001 the population of madhya pradesh is 60385118 .
element named likopin fights with dangerous disease like cancer , those people who eatmore tomatoes they have less possibility of being afflicted with cancer .
the road route joins kolkata with namkhana , raidighi , sonalkhali and najat as well .
in young age i . . at the age of less than 18 to 20 years if there is abortion then many complexities increase .
this is a resort adjacent to the sea , which is now the residence of the king here .
eating green vegetables is very beneficial for health .
the way out on the other side in the cave is found after going 500 - 600 metres inside .
varieties of items , choice is yours and ample tastes .
this egcg substance compensates the loss occurring due to the disease of rheumatism .
it is said that the beauty of this place had been approved so much by fidai khan the subordinate of aurangzeb that he had decided to stay here .
since you physically work more during the day and during this you need more calories .
so the last member descending should be either the leader of the group or a veteran mountaineer who can take care of himself .
similarly changing the hand touch the claw of the right leg with the left hand .
caring for the baby is important from before birth itself .
the situation in which the power to fight against diseases totally languishes or ends is called aids .
the one who smiles even in trouble he gets help from god also .
the length of fort from north to south direction is 3 kilometres and breadth from east to west is 1 kilometre .
tharoch is a historical and ancient village which was popular since ancient times for its art and grandeur .
before capturing kalinga his border had spread from today &apos; s myanmar , bangladesh in far east to pakistan , afghanistan , and iran in west .
enema water starts going inside with speed or water stays cold then sometimes there is stomach-ache .
light enters through the medium of cornea .
in the hospitals of our country 25 percent of women coming to the women opd complain of chronic pelvic pain .
national highway - 17 will make you roam all the shores of karnataka .
sarak marg : jamshedpur , 135 km away from ranchi , is connected to all major cities of jharkhand via the sarak marg .
thus the signals can never cross the synaptic valley in the opposite direction .
when this increase takes the form of a wound and does not heal for a long time then its checking is done through ct scan ultrasound .
this treatment does not destroy the root of disease .
while eating it is important to keep in mind how many calories you need .
mountaineers have to spend the most of his time on snow and glaciers .
by this you will get rid of the habit of urinating on bed at night .
from guwahati kajiranga can be reached in about five hours .
in such a case those women who do not give attention to their eating and drinking they become victim of anemia easily .
eat apple continuously for 15 days then surprising change comes in the behavior of angry people .
the main attraction of spiti valley , all the three lakes are located at a height of 5000 to 7500 m above the sea level .
the priests danced on the shoulders of the followers .
the quantity of urine had become very less , he did not feel thirst at all .
dozens of oil paintings of european artists are there in the prince hall .
injection can be put immediately .
on looking above jatashankar many feel thrill and fear , the reason for it is the hanging rock fragment between two mountain joints .
on entrance of water in rectum the urge to defecate will gradually increase .
other than substances made from milk , butter and milk sunlight is the main source of vitamin &apos; d &apos; .
periyar &apos; s main attraction is the boat that leaves from the jetty of its lake which operates for a number of times regularly in a day .
according to some scholars like shri dhaki samadhishwar temple is the kumar vihara built by chalukya kumarapala .
scientists have reached near to the development of this virus &apos; s vaccination .
there is also a natural cure for neck pain .
district officer narendra pal singh established it in a tin shed in 1973 .
by this the rays of sun will not be able to cause harm to you .
today it was not a good day at work and your colleague is also gone on a business trip .
because of the deficiency of protein in women the immunity of the body decreases .
nervousness goes away by eating it and it is memory boosting .
the process of bahyavritti pranayama is harmless pranayama .
all the necessities of the city also get supplied from these very rivers .
for example one breast of the women is removed because of the breast cancer .
the climate of pin valley national park is cold and mountainous .
similarly taking pills also has its own difficulties .
lisberg &apos; s amusement park in middle goteborg is the biggest and most beautiful in northern europe .
near brahmkund only there is famous parshuram kund .
the correct position and direction of sliding can be determined by pressing the tip of ice axe towards backside and down .
gold has been supplied from here to other regions .
sahyadri ayurveda centre is under the peerumedu development committee .
allergy occurs in eyes from dust - dirt , smoke of vehicles , etc .
this place has been named kallar because of the kallar river .
in it there are three doors all around .
remember it has been experienced that less amount of oil has been proved more effective .
the opportunity to learn several arts and to practice them is provided in malayala kalagramam .
in that one storey , two storeys , 20 - 25 cement houses , two shops of grocery . dharamsala of one - two storeys . big temple of gopeshwar and a small temple of chandi .
both these processes are painless and hundred percent successful contraceptives .
who has any such disease whose surgery may lead to danger like heart disease , diabetes whose treatment has not happened properly .
what type of diet can increase the disease resistance of children .
ti invite foreign tourists , with the support of hotels , airlines , and other segments year 2009 was declared as &apos; visit india year - 2009 &apos; , but tourist industry could not reap it &apos; s enough benefits .
surya - namaskara is a complete exercise .
therefore its confluence is also famous with the name of shyam prayag , hariprayag or gupta prayag .
in the fever of ... .. . the day on which there is no fever the mouth remains dry on that day .
surya namaskar is such an exercise which makes parts of the whole body active but many people do not do it because they find it like a religious form .
cover your head if sitting in sun .
it is also good to forget .
there is no vegetation above this , only rocks , maurine and snow .
the magnificence and architecture of ibrahim rosa tomb built with the inspiration of the taj mahal of agra is spectacular .
while working on laptop your hands can not get enough comfort .
lower ghaghri waterfall it a distance of 12 kms , which is usually seen from above only , but if you are brave then go down slowly between the thick forests .
besides the treatment of different diseases in sahyadri herbal center , welfare treatment i . . health improvement treatment has also been arranged .
the grandeur and wealth of jaivilas palace is different .
by taking two spoons in a day there is relief in the fever .
piles occurs in this circle itself .
